Hello, this is to inform you all that, I have a shop in temporal lobe. I have paid 70% payment in the project to AIRWIL INTELLICITY. Today 26/4/16 when me and my husband went to the office of AIRWIL sector 16, noida. To enquire about the project. I was taken to basement to mamta saun. The harassment I and my husband has gone through your employee is beyond any words of insult or telling. After again and again asking that the project has not yet started and the progress has not been seen, She has been rude and very insensitive giving the answers. She made an argument when we asked that in 6 months you will ask for another 20% payment and till now not one brick has not been put. She was usse se aap ko kya aap ko project 2017 mei milna hai aap payment kijiye and 2017 mei aake puchiye. And now leave my cabin right now. When told to her this is not the way you cannot talk to the customer like that she replied aap project mei paisa diya hai hum logo ne chinna nahi hai. So leave office right now. Chai khatam kariye and leave. To state chai was given by the reception staff which she didn’t like is been consumed in her cabin, the cabin given by the AIRWIL, to talk to us the customer. When asked her what’s your name she refuses to give her name also. And told the other junior employee get them out and do not entertain them ever again. When asked how you can say that we have given money she told me and my husband to leave the office. After asking around there was no senior available to report to and was told she is HOD of CRM.  My GOD! HOD of CRM, a lady(sorry to say she never behaved like one). We would like to report to the senior the behaviour of their employee towards the customer who has given hard earn money to the company AIRWIL and they behave so rude to us. We are in shocked state and want the entire customer to be beware of this women name Mamta saun. How can company keep such a insensitive rude person at job to deal with public. This gives BAD NAME AND REPUTATION to company. We both I and my husband are both respectful, practicing doctor in NOIDA from last 12 years, Me being a Nephrologist and my Husband Being a Radiologist. We have not faced such harassment from any one. WHEN WANTED TO MEET THE SENIOR PERSON WAS TOLD SHE IS THE HEAD NO ONE ELSE ABOVE HER ONLY THE OWNER, WANTED TO MEET THEM, WRITTEN MAILS BUT NO RESPONSE. OUR HARD EARNED MONEY HAVE BEEN GONE TO VULTURES.

I purchased one 3 BHK in Airwil Green avenue in 2012. At time of purchase, they assure me to give possession in Oct, 14(Although, this was not written in their contract). Even from contract, this should be handed over during May-June, 2015. Now they have completely stopped work to focus on their other project. Work is too much slow and less likely completed even in 2016. Their agents are talking just like gundas now. I suggest, not to book any property from these cheaters.


