 Hi sameer I am also looking for an apartment in Whitefield I had been to alpine viva I really liked their club house very much I as looking for 3bhk, in alpine viva 3bhk are bigger in seize which is crossing my budget.So I had been to alpine fiesta there I found 3bhk of smaller seize suiting to my budget but they have very few options as they have sold out most of them in the blocks they have opened for sale this coming weekend.I am planning to finalize with them which I have already blocked with them and yes you are right their plans are designed keeping vaastu in mind they don't have any south enterence apartments.

 I am Ritika and I have been working at Alpine Housing from past many years. I joined this company at a very young age and I am grateful to God that he gave me a chance to work with this company. I have learnt a lot of things about the world of real estate and the credit for it goes to the entire staff of Alpine Housing. In my entire association with this company I have never ever seen any sort of fraud or unethical behavior or activity. I feel that after working with this company I have learnt that honesty is the best policy. Now I am going to start a new company of my own and feel that everything I would ever achieve would be the result of things that I have learnt from the people of Alpine Housing.

 Being a Government Employee, one is allotted a house. My son is working in a private company in UK. It was necessary for us to search for a decent place to settle after the retirement. With lots of discussion with the agents, builders & some friends, I came to the conclusion that Alpine Fiesta would be the ideal choice.As whatever it has been mentioned, is indeed near to the actual project. This means that my granddaughter will not have to change her school till class 12th. Plus other facilities are also provided, which adds to the overall benefits. Thank you Alpine Housing.

 Alpine Housing is a really good Real Estate Company and I am really glad to have come in contact with such a company when I was searching for an apartment. I have purchased a 2 BHK apartment from this company and it is really good. My mother is so happy that I have selected such a well-constructed house that too at an affordable price. There is a playground for children to play and the best thing about my apartment is that it is located centrally in Bangalore.

 Being an Administration Worker, one is assigned a house. My child is working in a privately owned business in UK. It was essential for us to hunt down a nice spot to settle after the retirement. With bunches of dialog with the operators, manufacturers and a few companions, I arrived at the conclusion that High Party would be the perfect decision. As whatever it has been specified, is to be sure close to the real venture. This implies my granddaughter won't need to change her school till class twelfth. In addition different offices are likewise given, which adds to the general regale. Much obliged to you Snow capped Lodging.

 Few months back I took home with the help of this company. I was searching home from many days of 2 BHK, then one of my friend told me about Alpine housing.He suggested me go to there and see, because He had also took house few months ago which was of 3 BHK in best price.I went my friend's house it's Infrastructure was good. Then I decided to took house. They completed all their paperwork on time & deliver property paper to me. My family is very happy to stay here, specially children because there is a big park near it. I am thankful to them and my friend for giving me right direction.

 Alpine Housing has helped me to buy my dream-home. It is a very well constructed 3 BHK apartment and it is very spacious as well. The best part about this apartment is that it is fully loaded with a lot of amenities. I and my husband are very happy with this new house because it is very cozy and comfortable. I am glad that I contacted a trusted real estate company like Alpine Housing Development Corporation Limited.Well Done!Keep It up!

 I am also a contractor at Bangalore and I know Alpine Housing and their team very well. They Provides very good infrastructure for their customers and keep all things in mind for their customers. Alpine Viva, Alpine Eco are one of the best projects of Alpine Housing.Their work is really appreciating. Work and Services both are good. Or if we see regarding investment, all is reliable and easy to invest at Alpine Housing go easy and nothing to worry all is good and no convenience problem will customer has to face.

 Alpine Housing are really good Builders provided many facilities for us like garden, pool and playground for children's.Specially playground for children is very good bcz now a days grounds are getting hidden in that manner playground at our campus is good so that children's cannot run on roads. We all are living happily here in alpine fiesta. All children's play every day on their playground and we are free to let them play as they all are safe here.

 I am staying in alpine eco and well satisfied with it.I never faced any sort of legal or some other problems. I have no clue why people post negative reviews about it. Alpine Eco is providing all the facilities at their best.The atmosphere is too good.Recently we celebrated republic day in Apartments garden and it was truly superb.

 Snow capped Housing is a decent organization and it bargains reasonably with the clients. I can say this with full certainty since I have obtained three flats from this organization and in every arrangement this organization has been great towards me. The officials of this organization are exceedingly expert and they managed me in an exceptionally pleasant way. I prescribed this organization to my brother by marriage and he additionally said a considerable measure of good words about this organization. I think nowadays in the field of Real Estate there are less organizations who are as fair as Alpine Housing.

 The main explanation behind drafting this survey is to express the way that high party isn't as awful as it is explored. Like whatever other purchaser I had rundown of 4 activities near Whitefield, after much examining I settled on taking a gander at 2 ventures one being Alpine holiday. However, seeing the surveys furthermore by the issues of their past undertakings I got incredulous . Being a guru, I ensured I read all the reviews( good/terrible) at last I chose going to party and see it for myself. It met the vast majority of my necessities and I booked a level simply a week ago. The staff was affable and I figured out how to have a decent arrangement. My solicitation to all is the point at which you are auditing please make a special effort to be straightforward as it truly influences us who tend to genuinely search for a decent arrangement.

 I came across Alpine builders on Google while I was searching for flats in Bangalore. Looking at their low prices I was surprised so I visited Alpine Eco project, a completed project by Alpine builders. I was very happy with the quality utilized there, from the structure to tiles it was of superior quality. Even the location was prime.Impressed with their project I went to their office and their executive attended me. Keeping a mind of my budget they suggested me one of their project called Alpine Viva, immediately I visited the project along with their executive and within a month I purchased a two Bhk flat. I thank them for attending me so promptly and helping me with my loan. I am very happy that I have a place I can call home in this expensive city called Bangalore. Thank you Alpine builders for making our dreams come true. Kindly continue this good service.

 My parents died in an accident a few years ago and since then I and my sister used to live in a rented apartment. It was a very small apartment and we used to live there only because we had no other option as we both were students during that time. 2 years ago I completed my B.tech and got a job in a reputed company. I had a decent package so I thought of buying an apartment for me and my sister. I started searching for a suitable property and then after searching for a few months I came across a really good property that was built buy Alpine Housing.It was a 2 BHK apartment and it was located in the heart of the city. I really liked that house and I had shown it to my sister also. She also liked it. I finalized the deal and bought that apartment. I took it on loan as I could not afford to pay the money at once. Alpine Housing has been really cooperative with me and I am highly thankful to this company. Now we have been living in this apartment from past one year and we are really happy. Now my sister is getting married next month and I feel that leaving the rented apartment to shift into our own house has been the best decision of my life so far.

 Alpine Housing is a good company and it deals fairly with the customers. I can say this with full confidence because I have purchased three apartments from this company and in each deal this company has been very good towards me. The executives of this company are highly professional and they dealt with me in a very nice manner. I recommended this company to my brother-in-law and he also said a lot of good words about this company. I think these days in the field of Real Estate there are very less companies who are as honest as Alpine Housing.

 I was really skeptical on buying a flat at Alpine Fiesta( whitefield), after reading a few negative comments on the internet. But then I did my research on their previous projects(Alpine Pyramid -Sahakarnagar) and paid them visits from which I found out, the quality of construction is good, a few hiccups here and there. The people staying there are not a any complaining.Any ways, I have gone ahead and booked a 2 bhk flat at Alpine Alpine vistula. I'm Happy for now.

 The only reason for drafting this review is to state the fact that alpine fiesta isn't as bad as it is reviewed. Like any other buyer I had list of 4 projects close to Whitefield, after much scrutinizing I decided on looking at 2 projects one being Alpine fiesta. But seeing the reviews and also by the issues of their past projects I got skeptical .Being a techie, I made sure I read all the reviews(good/bad) finally I decided on going to fiesta and see it for myself. It met most of my requirements and I booked a flat just last week. The staff was courteous and I managed to have a good deal. My request to all is when you are reviewing please be honest as it really affects us who tend to honestly look for a good deal.

 I have recently purchased an apartment in Alpine viva which I consider is the perfect home for me. I have start staying in this apartment for last couple of weeks and during my stay I have never encountered any discomfort regarding the services or any facilities.Though purchasing home is a difficult thing to do but when you are determined you can easily find out the perfect home as I have found in the form of Alpine.After doing so much inquiry I have invested in this project as on the very first time when I came to see the location where I do not have to ride much to go to the office or market. This is really impressive.

 This is a really good real estate company and I feel that the professionals here are highly cooperative and helpful. I purchased my 3 BHK apartment from this company in November 2015 and I am fully satisfied with it. It has a good design and everyone praises my apartment.I am really happy to purchase this apartment from Alpine Housing that too at a very affordable price. Even my sister and her husband has purchased an apartment from this company only.

 Mai kafi phelai sai apna khud ka apartment lena chah rhi thi but 2 saal phelai hi Bangaloremai shift hui thi toh thoda confused thi k kaha lu.Saath ki friend Alpine viva mai rhti thi so she suggested k m bhi wahi lu. Maine kafi logok reviews liye . Overall reviews achai thai but still thoda doubt tha, then I decided kkhud waha ja kr dkhu and fir decide karu because I want to invest my money at a rightplace. Mai waha gyi, unki sales team sai baat ki even waha k residents sai bhi. Mujhe achalga and then decided finally k yahi apna ghr lena hai.

 Recently I visited Alpine Viva with my friend Monika Verma which is located in Whitefield near Sai Baba Ashram in Bangalore. After looking at her apartment I was amused . The apartment was very well built and the ammenities of the complex were just awesome. It has a gymnasium, indoor games room and swimming pool. She took me there as I asked her suggestion about which home should I buy so she took me here and showed me her home and now I will Tell my father about this property and I hope we will book one apartment here.

 This is a better than average land organization and I feel that the experts here are very agreeable and supportive.I bought my 2 BHK flat from this organization in dec2015 and I am completely fulfilled by it.It has a decent outline and everybody commends my condo.I am truly upbeat to buy this loft from Alpine Housing that too at an extremely moderate cost.Indeed, even my sister and her spouse has bought a loft from this organization as it were.

 I am living in Alpine Housing for last 5 months. The location of the apartment is good and it has good parking space. They have also provided many facilities like swimming pool, park etc.I like almost everything about this project so when I and my husband were finalizing this project to buy the home; Alpine was our first choice. You can get the best home for you without making any compromise and the price and the taxes are also genuine. I have never felt that they charged me more amounts for the facilities they have provided.

 Recently my father has bought an apartment in Alpine Viva. There are many facilities that is provided in the apartments complex such as yoga room, jacuzzi, gymnasium, sauna, aerobics room and many more. We were searching for this type of flat from a long time. Then we came to know about Alpine Housing Development Corporation Limited. At first we were not sure about this company. After consulting them we felt sure to move ahead. Then after watching the apartment and the facilities we decided to book a 2 BHK apartment. We have shifted to this apartment a week ago and are happy with the new home.

 Recently my father has booked an apartment in Alpine Viva. It has many facilities like a gymnasium, playing area for children which my younger brother liked very much. We have booked a 3 BHK apartment here. The best thing I like here is that there is a swimming pool and area for aerobics, I am sure this will definitely attract lot of home buyers as they are having a lot of facilities. Equipment in the Gymnasium are of good quality. We are going to shift in that apartment soon, maybe in May or June. I am very excited about our new home. Everybody in my family is happy with the Apartment. Thank you Alpine Housing for your great service.

 I bought this flat near Hoodi constructed by alpine builder. Even though on internet there are  lot of negative about alpine. The location was very good so I went for it.Till now the interaction with the builder is satisfactory. Some time the construction gets delayed, but atleast when you ask them they are responsive.  I went to other building like Alpine Eco to get feedback and most people staying there said there is no issue.So in general I didn't find lots of negative about alpine to be true. I guess other builders are worse than this.

 I am sakshi. I am resident of Alpine Viva. I am staying here from last 2 months and am very happy with them. I have no clue why people are posting negative reviews about them.quite strange.They are providing all the facilities that they had promised me during registration.And from the day I started living there till yet I didn't faced any kind of problem. If you are planning to invest there then you are at a perfect place. It is affordable too.

 Hello Guys today I am reviewing Alpone Housing Development CorporationAlpine Viva is one of the finest residential plots in Whitefield, Bangalore. The location of this project is very close to the famous Sai Baba Ashram, the place is 5 kilometres from the EPIP Zone housing leading IT majors like TCS and Oracle, . The project covers an area of 6.5 acres of land which has four blocks, each consisting of G with 16 floors. Alpine Viva is the best option for all those wish to invest their hard-earned money in a smart and efficient manner. Book your apartment at Alpine Viva today itself and enjoy the pleasure of living life, brimming with comfort, serenity, joy and togetherness. I will refer who are looking for whitefield alpine is the best choice. Bad reviews are done for only roamers I am not telling to buy you jest go and see first and then decide.Thank You.

 Alpine Housing is a very reputed and trusted real estate company and I am very thankful to my father for advising me to purchase home through this company. I have realised that this company deals in a very fair manner and treats the clients in a very good way. They even gave me few valuable tips regarding the real estate world. I am happy that I came in contact with a trustable company such as Alpine Housing Development Corporation Ltd .

 Alpine Housing has been helpful for me in finding a good 3 BHK apartment for me and my family. I am fully satisfied with my apartment and I am also fully satisfied with this company.My apartment has got all the facilities I needed for my home.Location of my apartment is also very good.  It is a good real estate company in Bangalore. I have been recommending this company to all my friends and family members who are in search of new homes or apartments.

 I have been staying with my family in the building constructed by the Alpine Builders for the last 6 months. There are lots of factors responsible for making my mind to invest in this project. First was the location which impressed me and my wife on the very first time.Second was the loan amount which got approved by the nationalized bank and the third was the co-operation and support of the Alpine team which make this process much easier. They provided me all the details about the flat. I am also completely satisfied with the services they have offered.

 I am staying in Alpine Eco I never faced any legal problems I am living there for past 3 years and I have a apartment in alpine pyramid also there also no legal issues both the projects I have taken loans from SBI bank, I am also in talk with my friends to invest in Alpine Fiesta which more or less has the same facilities as Alpine Pyramid.

 I am Yash and I have purchased an apartment from Alpine Housing Development Corporation Ltd recently. I am really satisfied with this deal. It is a 3BHK apartment and the design is really good. I feel that this company is really good and the people of this company are highly professional. I am glad that I made this deal through Alpine Housing, it is one of the best real estate company in the city!Good work!Keep It Up!

 I had been looking for 2bhk apartment in whitefiled area.during research I came across alpine viva which was ready to move in .Facilities were excellent and its right on main road SH35 so good in connectivity wise .I did some further research about this builder and project(all online and site visits)Alpine ECO  had earned bad name in the beginning due to collapse of boundary wall case.I stay in chinnapanahalli road I checked current status and it seems residents are happy now but they still remember few issues during handover like wall collapse and borewell went dry.Alpine pyramid: I read some legal battle but that looks being sorted out now. Didnt get chance to visit the site though.Alpine Fiesta: dont know .neither did get chance to research on it.nothing much on internet about this project .Alpine Viva: This project was delayed significantly due to stay order from BDA.BDA had planned to get PRR through this site .however later BDA allowed them to continue the construction .CDP 2015 still showing PRR though alpine viva and samdhura shikhram .god know were that road will go from.I had been alpine viva couple of times.Amenities are impressive .Construction quality is ok .With the price of 4300+ I feel this is good bet.My requirement was not a ready to move in property so I am considering to go with Alpine Vistula its extension of alpine viva.They have No EMI scheme and rate is 4050 /- sounds attractive.They say possession in 2018, considering only three blocks, I guess by adding delay time it should be ready by first quarter of 2019 .I had been alpine office .I found it pretty dull .Alpine team please should some new furniture and make their office look more vibrant.Other projects in the vicinity in similar price range are(there could be more than this)Mera homes . its almost same rate .i didn't negotiate .there was no point .all the flats which I liked are already booked.i like the building and construction though.Samdhura shikhram . they are quoting 4600 .i didn't negotiate there as well.I check the flat and I personally felt quality is very good however I didnt like the 2bhk flats .most flats have balconies facing to other flats balconies .Considering so many apartments coming on that stretch I personally feel this area will be very liveable .Kadugodi bridge could be bottleneck in few years.They soon may need to plan one more bridge somewhere in balathur or so .or maybe whitefiled metro will  ease out office going traffic on that road.I hope this review will be helpful.please share if you have any suggestion which can be useful for deciding investment in that stretch .

 Hi Guys,I was really skeptical on buying a flat at Alpine Fiesta( whitefield), after reading a few negative comments on the internet. But then I did my research on their previous projects(Alpine Pyramid -Sahakarnagar) and paid them visits from which I found out, the quality of construction is good , a few hiccups here and there. The people staying there are not complaining.But I still wasn't sure with so much negativity going around. So I dug deeper into the issue(visiting other forums, talking to previous/existing customers) and I found out that all the issues were raised at the time of Alpine Eco(Marathalli). and these issues was not concerned with the quality of the project but with the Time of construction.A source told me that Alpine Housing and the Land lords of Alpine Eco had some legal battle in court because of which the customer had do feel the heat, and my source also told me that these cases on the builder by the landlords were all false( cases like the builder has not constructed an entire building), these cases were made up just so there is some delay in construction and the land lords would make extra money out of this because of a few clauses.Any which ways, I have gone ahead and booked a 2.5 bhk flat at Alpine Fiesta, with a hope that these landlords dont pull a similar stunt.Cheers.

 Alpine Viva is one of the finest residential plots in Whitefield, Bangalore. The location of this project is very close to the famous Sai Baba Ashram, the place is 5 kilometres from the EPIP Zone housing leading IT majors like TCS, Oracle, GE, Igate, etc.The project covers an area of 6.5 acres of land which has four blocks, each consisting of G with 16 floors. Alpine Viva is the best option for all those wish to invest their hard-earned money in a smart and efficient manner. Book your apartment at Alpine Viva today itself and enjoy the pleasure of living life, brimming with comfort, serenity, joy and togetherness.I will refer who are looking for whitefield alpine is the best choice.Bad reviews are done for only roamers I am not telling to buy you jest go and see first and then decide.

 I am Rajesh Nanda and I recently purchased a two bedroom house . I am quite satisfied with this house. Everything is good. I like the compact yet elegant design of the house. My wife is also happy and she feels that this house is worth every penny that we have spent in buying it. I would like to thank the builder for providing me such a great house, it is truly a good deal. We have been living in this house from past two months and till now we have not faced any kind of problem.

 Alpine builders is very good industry it provided me a 2BHK flat urgently specially when it was urgent to me so thank you very much Alpine Builders. You all had solved my problem very easily. I am very thankful and will take your help again when I need it and or someone else need who is my close.Alpine Eco is satisfactory enough in giving possession on time as compared to the other builders in Bangalore, when talking about location, amenities and price then I would definitely say that Alpine Eco projects are holding a strong place in Bangalore.

