 In 2010 we booked a flat in Amrapali silicon city. Paid all remaining amount by Oct 2015 and still today begging them to complete the home. When we call the tower in charge he ask us to go and talk to project manager. Project manager never answers call. When we call sector 62 office, they ask us to go to the construction site. They are irresponsible and  punishes all who invested in their project. Never invest in it.

 Hi,I would like to mention my bad experience of this project and the reality that I am going to expose here.The construction quality is very very poor. One can easily see the bad quality doors fitted that does not worth more than 300 rs. The quality of cement and tiles used is very very poor. When a new buyer visits, the guards and all are advised to tell lie that superior quality lafarge cement is used etc etc but in reality the materials used are very very poor.The design of the buildings and interiors are so bad. Builder has messed up with the design of the towers trying to make it three side open. There is very less distance between balconies of adjacent towers where one can touch the other balcony by hand and can jump into each other's balcony.The management of this project operate only through cell phones where they do not pick the calls and give falls promises.There was a fake advertisement by the builder 6 months back during key handling ceremony where builder had claimed the key has been handed over to few of the owner. actually it was just false game played by the builder to attract new customers. 6 months have passed since the key handing ceremony and the towers are not ready yet. sewage, life not operational and central park work not finished yet.If someone wants proof go and see the reality now.Now if someone wants to purchase a flat at price 3000 per sqft and above then I would recommend dont buy because of construction quality does not worth the price.If someone wants to know the reality then dont go as a buyer but go silently and say to the guards that your relative has booked a flat in so and so tower and see the condition. else the management will make its best to show you different story if you straightaway go as a buyer.Never ever invest in this project. its our hard earned money.

 Dear Friends,Amrapali Group has not only increased the numbers of buildings and numbers of floors in Silicon city, but has also taken full amount from buyers including the amount payable at the time of possession by misleading the buyers through issuing intimation of Possession letters.Also increased area demand is totally false & cheat. There is no increase in area as FAR has not increased and Amrapali has developed more building and floors.Mr. MS Dohni can not be considered innocent on this issue as his wife holds 25% share in Amrapali Group.People are not getting possession even after paying  extra amount.We all should boycott Mr Dohni and Amraplai Group.

 Hi all, If you want to invest in property stay away from Amrapali. Projects are not only delayed but slow as if they will never be able to complete. New launches at attractive price is the myntra for Amrapali. But once you booked, you have place.I had booked flat in 2010 still not getting handover flat.

 My apartment was booked in 2009 in Amrapali Sapphire with a contract of delivery in December 2011. There was a grace of 6 months, which makes the delivery date June, 2012. At time of writing this review(May, 2015- delay of 3 years next month) the aparment is still far from possession. Let me tell you the worst part- no one in their office is interested to listen to you. Their CRM staff is one of the worst you'll come across- they would NEVER respond to your phone call. The only way of contacting them is to take a day off and go sit in their office- and hope that they would meet you. But even if they do meet you, they would not resolve your problem, be sure of that- all you would get is hollow promises and a big bunch of lies(which they have become quite good at doling out, by the way). It's a perfect case study for Customer-Relationship Mismanagement. But I'm sure they take their cue from the top brass in the company.Like me, you can pay all your instalments(demands from them) on time, but be quite sure, their delivery would be years late. In the meanwhile your instalments on your loan and/ or rental are on.I also implore you to be not fooled by the penalty clause built into your agreement.Amrapali would stuff a newspaper in your face showing loose media reports in some shady hindi daily akhbaar of work stoppage/ labour blockage in Noida by farmers(which actually happened in Greater Noida) and tell you this is called force majeure.you'll be lucky if you saw half of that penalty money.and forget about any interest on that.I have experiece with some other builders and these ones are the worst of the lot. At time of sales, they'll show you hawaii kile, but the ground reality would be far from it.Please go speak to some residents who have been lucky enough to get possession(not without their share of painful waiting, mind you), and speak to other property agents, etc. before parting with your hard earned money.Amrapali appears to have not even half the funds compared to the project work they are handling.and with no funding in sight(for most of the real estate players, not only Amrapali), most projects are seriously doomed for unrealistic delays and, be very sure, also corner cutting in terms of sub-standard raw material usage, designs, finishing, workmanship, etc.Last, I would also like to draw your attention to the authority related problems that Amrapali was facing- I'm confident that it has not yet been resolved.they owed money to Noida authority due to which the authority had informed banks and other financial institutions and the end result was that housing loans' disbursals from these banks and institutions for Amrapali projects(at least in some projects, if not all) had stopped- later on the banks resumed loans in cases where they had already disbursed funds earlier, but I'm not sure if they are entertaining fresh cases. I heard some sale and transfer related registry work had also been blocked by the authorities owing to the same non payment of dues.If you are an existing owner, my sympathies.I am in the same boat as you.If you are, on the other hand, thinking of investing in Amrapali, please speak to some existing owners and form your own opinion, rather than feeling sorry later. All the best!

 Amrapali is the worst builder when it comes to Quality and giving possession on time.I have booked flat in Amrapali centurian park in April 2011, but still I am waiting to get possession of my dream home, its a low rise building and in April 2013 building structure was completed and amrapaliNew launches at attractive price is the myntra for AmrapaliI have booked flat in Amrapali very goodThanks you

 I know, we have mentality to trust on own experience and that is the reason behind these fraud builder are able to sell their flats even though their track record was stamp as a cheater from the start. Never buy Amrapali Flat at all in any circumstances. This is my own assessment for this builder and it is not that I am saying this because I have any personal interest in it. In-fact, I am saying this because, I don't want innocent and common people like us trapped in these builders.See the FactsService FrontYou don't expect any promise whatsoever small or big done by this builder could be completed at allBehaviour FrontNo Manner, professionalism or any kind of interaction who comes under behaviour of an Employee taught to anybody in this company. Whoever and whatever is the position, doesn't matter. You discuss with Director, GM, DGM, Mgr who ever you will get feeling like, it is the company runs by few goons with white collar dressQuality FrontGo and visit any site, Either ongoing or delivered and discuss the real buyer, you will get feedback for Quality. My Assessment is worst in Quality based on my experienceNow, You take your decision, since at last this is your property, your money and your futureThanksAbinash Mishra

 Hello All,I might want to specify my awful experience of this anticipate and the truth that I am going to uncover here. The development quality is extremely poor. One can without much of a stretch see the awful quality entryways fitted that does not worth more than 300 rs. The nature of bond and tiles utilized is extremely poor.At the point when another purchaser visits, the watchmen and all are encouraged to tell lie that prevalent quality lafarge bond is utilized and so on and so forth yet as a part of reality the materials utilized are extremely poor. The configuration of the structures and insides are so awful. Manufacturer has fouled up with the outline of the towers attempting to make it three side open. There is less separation between galleries of neighboring towers where one can touch the other gallery by hand and can bounce into each other's overhang. The administration of this anticipate work just through phones where they don't pick the calls and give falls guarantees.There was a fake ad by the manufacturer 6 months back amid key taking care of function where developer had guaranteed the key has been given over to few of the proprietor. really it was simply false amusement played by the manufacturer to pull in new clients. 6 months have gone following the key giving function and the towers are not prepared yet. sewage, life not operational and focal park work not completed yet.If somebody needs confirmation go and see the truth now.Presently in the event that somebody needs to buy a level at cost 3000 for every sqft or more then I would prescribe dont purchase on account of development quality does not worth the cost. On the off chance that somebody needs to know the truth then dont go as a purchaser yet go quietly and say to the gatekeepers that your relative has booked a level in so thus tower and see the condition. else the administration will make its best to show you distinctive story on the off chance that you straightaway go as a purchaser. Never at any point put resources into this anticipate. its our well deserved cash.

 Hi Guyz, it time to spread truth & expose some cheaters.one of friend who was deputed to noida by our company.since he was a north indian it was near to his hometown & was happy with his transfer there.But Amrapali  Builder cheated him. many customers got attracted because of their massive advertisment on electronic media.many fell into their trap.they took entire money, gave possession letters but didn't provide flats.what can a common man do who buys flat on loan emi?how will they fight against builders with muscle mafia & money along with political support.

 Amarapali is highly unprofessional builder in NCR their management are doing false promises and make fool of buyers. I have booked flat in Amrapali centurian park in April 2011, but still I am waiting to get possession of my dream home, its a low rise building and in April 2013 building structure was completed and amrapali has claimed 95% of amount, my flat plaster is not completed till date and I don't know when they will give possession.i am a middle class man paying bank emi and rent.

 Seeing the Chairman being an honest ex IAS officer, we booked a flat in Amrapali silicon city noida in Jan2010.We were promised the delivery of the flat in 3 Years and 95% of the cost of flat was taken from us in these first 3 years.But now its been 6 years and we are still running from their corporate office to project office, but till date not received the possession of our flat.We were offered letter for possession 1 year earlier and were asked to deposit the entire cost including the dual meter charges, IFMS etc and were promised at that time the flat will be delivered within 2 months from the date the final payment.We really recommend that NOT TO BUY AMRAPALI GROUP FLAT

 Mrapali is the worst builder when it comes to Quality and giving possession on time.I have booked flat in Amrapali centurian park in April 2011, but still I am waiting to get possession of my dream home, its a low rise building and in April 2013 building structure was completed and amrapaliNew launches at attractive price is the myntra for AmrapaliI have booked flat in Amrapali very good Thanks you

 DO NOT even think to buy a home with Amrapali. You would be cry for your whole life. All cheap biharis from top to bottom, bogus commitments. Recent "mission completion " banners to show how they made fool and were successful in completing there mission.Cheap class labour without any skill on field. Pankaj tyagi a GM in Amrapali is like never went through ethics thought process. He would keep on making false promises and on date will send you to someone else and that stupid fellow will give you another commitment and you would keep revolving for more than 6 months. Stay away from Amrapali.

 I bught a flat in Amrapali Sappire in 2011 with a commitment of posession in June 2013. Its May 2015 & the flat is far from completion. Can take an year still.I selected this builder as the locality was good & the project seemed to be promisingPosession for phase 1 is done. Build quality is pathetic. I repend now betting on him. 3rd grade material used, wall quality is not good, seepage problem is there in every apartment. I have a friend who has been living for 1 yeat now. He got his whole modular kitchen redone as it weared outAMrapali group has too many projects in his hand. His tendency is to start a project, get money from buyer & invest in the next project. Hence, the builder is growing on customer's money. TOtally unprofessional approach. He is a cheat, has spoiled his name.I WOULD STRONGLY RECEOMMEND NOT TO BUY FROM AMRAPALI.You could read comments from others as well

 Amrapali is the worst builder when it comes to Quality and giving possession on time.They are the most unethical builder you can find in the entire region.Once they will take your money they wont listen to you.And when it comes to quality.You can visit any of their project and find out . Even the pillars and columns are not straight and plaster comes out of wall even on gentle push of your finger.They change the master plan of their projects without any intimation to buyers.They give immature possession illegally without taking NOC and clearance from Authorities.Last advice to all the perspective buyers.Stay away from brand Amrapali.

 It is worst builder I have seen in my life it doesnt give possession on time. people are feeling bad experience with amrapali. it takes money from on project put in another project.I will say no body take amrapali project. it is worst project is dreamvelly which was dream house of many people but it didnt deliver it so far.I will say it is really bad expiernece for those people who took flat from amrapali. please dont take in future and not recommend people to take flat from it.regards,arvind

 I was on search for property space in NCR region basically for my own accommodation purpose but I was not getting understood which builder to approach then I come to know about NetAmbit.NetAmbit is leader in providing real estate apartments and flats according to the requirement.I contacted it and representative from it render all sort of guidance and provide property space according to my exact requirement.

 How would you rate your experience with Amrapali builder in Noida in terms of help to how to deal with them or whom to approach. Please write a review.When I booked one more flat in Amrapali Silicon city they said it was their first project. You should expect any thing great. Generally I feel construction quality is not very great esp plastering outer walls in Balcony. But its not bad either compared to house prices.When I booked one more flat in Amrapali Silicon city they said it was their first project and you would see improvement in next project in Noida. Lets see how it turns out. Common area flooring is cheep marble. Doors are small rest is fine. Kitchen wood work is below normal. Gardening and beautification is also normal.

 Very bad company to invest in as they had interest only in making money. Building new projects but really not like to give quality in their flats bt just earning their profits............Now without knowing about company and their flats quality how dhoni is advertising for their projects............. one of my friend's complaint is belowAMRAPALI GROUP SUCKS this is what I have to say AS A PROUD RESIDENT OF AMRAPALI RESIDENT even if you buy the flat frm this grp have you have thought how will you live in tht flat coz the maintenance of AMRAPALI GROUP SUCKS ... I was very happy after buying a huge flat in amrapali royal but few days after my shifting to this place I cam to knw about the attitude of maintenance department...ALL THE AMRAPALI ROYAL FLATS HAVE WATER LEAKAGE PROBLEM THR MAINTENANCE DEPT STAFF IS BUNCH OF FOOLS WHO WERE PICKED UP FROM ROAD..NO BODY HAVE ANY KNOWLEDGE OF THR RESPECTIVE STREAM... YOU ASK FOR CARPENTER THEN A BOY OF SOME 10-12 YR WILL APPEAR... PLUMBERS GUYS ARE THEMSELVES CONFUSED THY CANT SOLVE YOUR PROBLEM IN ONE GO...ALL THE OTHER DEPTS ARE LIKE THIS ... I ONLY NEVER FACED PROBLEM WITH ELECTRIC DEPT BUT AGAIN WHEN THE Electricity goes in indirapuram then our society is the last one whose generator will start and u have to wait for 3-5 mins for light... I AS A MEMBER OF THIS PRIVILEGE SOCIETY URGE LOT MANY PEOPLE WHO IS PLANNING TO BUY HOUSE WITH AMRAPALI GROUP TO PLEASE LOOK FOR BETTER OPTIONS DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY IN THIS FLATS... PLS SPEAK WITH RESIDENTS OF AMRAPLI GREEN, AMRAPALI ROYAL, AMRAPALI VILLAGE ABOUT THE PROBLEMS THY FACE.ON REGULAR BASIS ..THE MANAGEMENT OF AMRAPALI WILL NEVER SUPPORT THE MAINTENANCE OF THIS FLATS ONCE THY R SOLD ...ALTHOUGH FOR 3 YRS IT IS STILL UNDER THEM AND WE PAY MAINTENANCE TO THEM...PLS DO NOT BUY FROM AMRAPALI...WE HAVE ALREADY WASTED OUR MONEY...

 Mouthshut is a Fake site. They are constantly reducing my MS points so that I should not reach 500 MS Points threshhold. If that is the case, that after encashing the points two times, now they don't want to encash it third time, they should mention this thing in their contest. Please don't review on this site.Please don't review on this site.

 Even if you buy the flat firm this grp have you ever thought how will you live in that flat as the maintenance of amrapali group sucks. I was very happy after buying a huge flat in amrapali royal but few days after my shifting to this place i cam to know about the attitude of maintenance department...all the amrapali royal flats have water leakage problem thr maintenance dept staff is bunch of fools who were picked up from road.. No body have any knowledge of thr respective stream.You ask for carpenter then a boy of some 10-12 yr will appear... Plumbers guys are themselves confused thy cant solve your problem in one go...all the other depts are like this.I only never faced problem with electric dept but again when the electricity goes in indirapuram then our society is the last one whose generator will start and u have to wait for 3-5 mins for light. I as a memeber of this privilege society urge lot many people who is planning to buy house with amrapali group to please look for better options don't waste your hard earned money in ths flats. Please speak with residents of amrapli green, amrapali royal, amrapali village about the problems thy face.on regular basis ..the management of amrapali will never support the maintenance of this flats once thy r sold ...although for 3 yrs it is still under them and we pay maintenance to them...pls do not buy from amrapali...we have already wasted our money...

 It really pains to give even one star to this builder, the construction quality, their staff manner and most importantly possession time. I booked the flat in Zodiac in 2010 and I was suppose to get the possession in March 2012 and its June 2014, still waiting for possession.They raised the the demand for final payment in 2013 Sep and after paying the final amount still I am waiting for them to give the possession.

 Amrapali Group is the worst group we have ever in the markets. They just sell the flats and afterwardsThey do not have any responsibility to provide the services , security to their residents. In Amrapali Royal within 1 and a Half years there are 7 incidents happened of stealing. In which Lacs of Rupees are gone away fo residents. Nobody cares there , there is no security. Recent Incident -- 405 Urvashi-2 Amrapali Royal , on 29 Oct 2010 3-4 Thiefs came in the society in Day time in between 11 Am-1.30 PM , guards never bothered them they came in the society broken the Locks ( 2 Locks of Gate ) of the Flat and inside the house they broke the 4 Almirah Locks and looted around Rs 5.5 Lakhs of Jewellery and cash and went away in front of Guards. Now My questions is that the residents of Amrapali Royal are paying a huge amount towards Maintenance , Security what kind of security is this? In the day time only the residents are not safe than what cann be happened at Nights? In fact 3 Days has been passed no body from the Amrapali Group came to that particular House and Inquired about the Incident..Kindly do not waste your precious Money and Precious Life by living / buying Flats in Amrapali Group...

 Amrapali is famous for exploitation of customer /gross negligence, utter unprofessional ism & false commitments. It the worst builder in India, it takes the money from customer and never constructs the house in time.Once upon a time this builder was a local contractor in Uttar Pradesh, After duping lacks of customers its has grown up to the level of incompetency.I am waiting from 4 years and still I do not see the delivery of project in next two years.I would request everybody not to go for buying a flat of AmrapaliI will never recommend this builder to anyone.

 If you want to invest in property stay away from Amrapali. Projects are not only delayed but slow as if they will never be able to complete.New launches at attractive price is the myntra for Amrapali. But once you booked, you have placed yourself in endless waiting for completion. Worst project example is verona height .Launched in 2012 and still(in 2015) Phase one is completed till first floor and building is of 36 floors.

 Message from a harried buyer-"Amrapali Silicon City pvt ltd, sector 76, Noida is asking to sign 3 documents(for maint charge, NGT delay+ land aquisition delay acknowledgement and that builder is not responsible for any delay, future change of building/project plan- no objection from us) before issuing the original NOC, are all buyers signing those? plz advise."It is possibly the latest tactics of Amrapali to pressurize the flat buyers to sign documents before issuing the NOC.As per the post Amrapali is also asking for "no objection" for change of building/project plan. This is perhaps to show to the authorities that they have obtained no objection from the flat buyers for the changes they have already made in their building/project plans.They are putting this pressure on the people who have yet to obtain NOC from them. They are conveniently trying to bypass the flatbuyers who have already taken possession and are residing in the society. This clearly speaks of their ultreior intentions, of getting the CC/OC from Noida Authority and get away with murder.

 I AM ONE OF THE SEVERAL SUFFERER OF AMRAPALI BUILDER. BOOKED A FLAT IN AMRAPALI SILICONCITY WITH PRIVATE LAWN / GARDEN BY PAYING 15 LACS EXTRA FOR THAT BUT WHEN FLAT IS NEARING POSSESSION I FIND THERE IS NO SUCH PRIVATE GARDEN SHOWN IN THE LAYOUT.AND NO ONE AT AMRAPALI OFFICE IS READY TO GIVE A PROPER REPLY. I HAVE HEARD IN MOST OF THEIR PROJECTS THERE ARE MANY HIDDEN FACTS LIKE APPROVAL MISSING. THE CHAIRMAN MR ANIL SHARM IS TRYING HARD TO GET INTO POLITICS SO THAT HE CAN CONVERT ALL HIS CHEATINGS INTO REGULAR BUSINESS AND KEEP ON CRE

 Please dont buy, go for Gaur, Prateek in same sector. I am a resident here, its a shitty place here to live. Place is full off stray dogs, maintenance office is full of gundas, those tease ansdstare your wives and kids. nearby police station is also owned by them. gym facility is there only bad equipments or not working, people bring there own music systems and weight lifting items to exercises.Plus guard stares on your wives and blow whistle when you do exercise. On complaining to the nearby police station they dont file complaint and leave you with abusive languagae. because they own police station by bribing them.Please dont buy.

 Amrapali is the worst builder when it comes to Quality and giving possession on time.They are the most unethical builder you can find in the entire region.Once they will take your money they wont listen to you.And when it comes to quality.You can visit any of their project and find out . Even the pillars and columns are not straight and plaster comes out of wall even on gentle push of your finger.They change the master plan of their projects without any intimation to buyers.They give immature possession illegally without taking NOC and clearance from Authorities.Last advice to all the perspective buyers...Stay away from brand Amrapali.

 Aamrapali group said his aim is housing for all but the the growth trajectory in the real estate sector. experts; but there is a big question, what major steps have taken in support of housing for all scheme? And, how do they take up the issue where most middle class indians see home ownership as a distant dream? They are making 2 & 3 BHK apartments for the mddle class, its called Aadarsh Awas yojna. And they had offered 2 bhk and 3 bhk flats and are being sold at Rupees 22 lakh onwards. But its very far from Delhi and Noida.

 Amrapali group appointed staff to fool buyers and have specialization in this. I booked a flate at Silicone Citry Sector-76, Noida in April 2011 with assurance that it will delivered in 30 months(September 2013) and if not then builder will pay Rs.10 per sq feet per month as a penalty.I am waiting possession till now even after full payment made on demand on time at 1st Oct.2014. The great staff of Amrapali neither picked phone nor reply of mails.

 Please dont buy any project from them, they cheat on us.I booked flat in this project one year back, now they told us project is scrap and take another project from them but today's prize or take your money back with 10% interest. One of buyer of Amrapali Hanging Garden

 I along with my family has recently shifted to Noida From Bhopal.We were facing so many difficulties because always we had to change the houses of rents and move here and there.In Bhopal we have our own flat but it was difficult to purchase a flat here due to its expensive rates.But thankfully One of my relative suggested my grandpa about Amrapali Adarsh Awas Yojna and explained about it.Without doing late we booked a flat in amrapali Group.Thanks to that relative who conveyed this message on time and we could booked the flat and thanks to amrapali group who launched this project on time.We now are just waiting for our possesion.

 I have booked a flat in Amrapali smart city in April2010 and after one year I dont have the agreement letter, neither that project approved by any bank.I just visited the site last week(1st week of april2011), no work started at the site, not only this they have not yet confined the area of smart city.I would like to share below infromation which I got from one of the manager of smart city.1)This project is not yet approved by any bank.2)Land dispute is not yet clear, there is still fight with the farmer, when I visted the site, I found that farmer are still have their crops in the land, I talked to one of the farmer and they said that they have not taken any compensation from the builder.That is the same land which Amrapali people are claiming that they will build smart city there(after one year of project launch).And when we talk to Amrapali officer they are saying that there are no dispute, why they are cheating us.3)I talked to Sajid(a manger in Amrapali) and he also accepted that the dispute is still there.4)they dont have mapped approved by authority.5)At the time of booking, we were told that Amrapali smart city will be a 100 acres project but now they are saying that is just of 40 acres project, they have launched different project in the rest of the area and shifted the Samrtcity at the back most.6)Amrapali is cheating us since last year, they have played with our hard earned money and peace of mind, They never told any of the costomer whats going on, neither at preesent they are telling us truth.7)I am going to file case against This group against case of forgery.They will have to return our money with compensation(10% per annum).I would like to request to other ppl to not believe in Amrapali saying, go and see the site.Thanks.Saroj.

 The services are very poor from Amrapali Builders. Never delivered a single project on time. In Amrapali Silicon City, they have delayed the project by over 18 months already and still possession not in sight, despite taking 100% of my money. The staff response is very poor. Mr. Pankaj and Ms. Divya(from CRM) do not pick up phones, no response to emails and smses. How poor these guys are, and Amrapali may be rewarding them with good salaries and bonuses. Ask customer feedback, and you know what they are.I do not think company at all gives a damn to the customer. Themselves, big fraud, having not created the project as advertised and sold to the customer. Made arbitrary changes in plans and not delivering project. They even do not have NOC from Noida Authorities. So, beware before you are cheated by these thugs.

 This manufacturers are poor in outlining and representation of building creating.in the wake of building power issues are raising, so absence of current supply .installment return was requiring significant investment by the designers, so dont give beginning installment to them .venture delay by the creators and designersdevelopment quality is poor, some despicable sound happens while strolling and tabbing on divider .level ownership and worker boat is poor .low quality and outline of measured kitchen made by amrapali.waste issues and septic tank over streammy decision:-people you can't carry on with an upbeat life at home gave by amrapali developers

 This is a very good house.amarpali is trust able group they always make a beautiful home in a very comfortable price .with a very small emi .Amarpali always selected a very beautiful place for make a flats, because people wants a very good view from they balcony.they always make a people's want flats.Amarpali group always take care about people's  Amarpali gives the all facilities car parking, swimming pool, park and all safety facilities

 This is a very good house.amarpali is trust able group they always make a beautiful home in a very comfortable price .with a very small emi .Amarpali always selected a very beautiful place for make a flats, because people wants a very good view from they balcony.they always make a people's want flats.Amarpali group always take care about people's  Amarpali gives the all facilities car parking, swimming pool, park and all safety facilities

