 Adarsh developers have come up with a quality construction and the location is one of the best in Bangalore. The roads are coming up and I recently saw proper clearance done on the all the roads. They are removing all the branches and debris all over. The best part of everything is that it is close to many reputed schools like New Horizon, Gurukul and to my work place. I am just waiting for the whole project to be completed which is just under 8 months.

 I do not agree. I have recently booked a apartment in Tower 3 and the hospitality and the comfort I have good is very good. The Staff and the people are really nice. The place is developing like heaven. Once you own it you shall see it how you feel. The construction work is also good and I have visited the site 3 times so far and it does not ever give me a hitch of any such things which has been mentioned in here.I would still recommend anyone for this and it seems they have already have a full booking of the tower 3 which the construction is going on full swing.

 Past few years they have worked with top to bottom of govt machinery to grab lands to make beautiful villas at the cost of countless ordinary helpless citizens.All complaints against them is thrown under the drain. Their well fed govt employee who are supposed to work for ordinary citizens has worked for their advantage. Day by day they are getting daring and bolder.We all ordinary citizens are caught up in the cross hair of the greed. All kinds construction that you see in and around their properties are encroached on. I am just one of the many victims of this land shark.Please come forward help the ordinary citizen by boycotting this builder.

 Moved in couple of months back paying one of highest rents in neighborhood of 42K+ with owner telling no maintenance. Just few months later I am getting a maintenance bill of 6000+ . and that is to be paid from start of lease .That makes the total rent to 50K. With the current amount of cheaper apartments available in the area. I feel cheated and stuck now.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

 I wanted to ask about Adarsh Palm Retreat, we are planning to buy a resale 3 BHK in Daffodil tower for around 1.2 cr which they say that we will get in Dec 2013. Is it a good deal or not?What are the facilities given at present, since the club house is yet to build.Please suggest.Thanks in advance.

 Adarsh Palm Retreat Tower 1 is not at all renter friendly. Other towers(2 & new ones) are much better and organised.Many Issues are there:Maintenance fees: Crazy calculation of maintenance which can amount to 8K - 10K per month.Greedy Owners: Just to trouble tenants, association asking for huge maintenance for 6 months in the past. Owners making tenants pay for entire maintenance.Poor cost Management: As mostly tenants are paying maintenance, there is minimal control on maintenance costs from association.Illegal Maintenance collection: Without an RWA, Association asking for maintenance which is illegal.Traffic Issues: Although traffic issues are everywhere in Bangalore. But many times, you will spend 30-40 min just to get out of Adarsh onto Ring Road because of offices within Adarsh complex.Degrading quality: In spite of huge maintenance being charged, the maintenance & house keeping quality is degrading everyday.

 They had some problem earlier in that the BDA had not approved some parts of the project and they had to resubmit all plans and then recession hit Bangalore big time. However now they have all approvals and this project will be one of the best in Bangalore.Besides banks are offering loans and institutions like Kotak Realty and HDFC have invested huge sums in this. Once the project comes up the rates will jump and it will be one of the most sought after in Bangalore.The Marketing and design teams are highly professional as they took me through the design of my Villa and construction is ongoing. Let's forget the past- those who have booked in 2005 if they want to sell now I am willing to buy at 20% higher price than what they paid in 2005.

 These guys are better now with good construction quality and amenities . Money flow was tight for the builder before. We asked about the rumors about the money problems and land problems. They admitted that there was a problem. This is great because many builders try to hide their problems. We are happy that they are so transparent and not cheating people about the problems. So its easy to believe when they say that they have sorted out their problem.

 Can you give me details on the Tower 4 wrt the allotment date that was made. Which year was that? Seems you have been waiting for 6 years now for this tower to start?I was shown a apt in the same tower now and they say completion is Dec 2013? Based on the progress so far onT-1 and T-2, what are your comments on T3/T4 completion? Do you forsee a huge risk investing in this?Hope to hear from you!Thanks!

 I had seen some of the Adarsh developers project and impressed by the quality, I just jumped in when they were launching project Adarsh Esplanade project in HSR. Booked the flat at this project for price of  Rs 1630/sqft. I paid Rs. 1, 50, 000/ - as the booking amount. And they said they will sign the agreement once they have the approval from  BDA. After an year still they did not have approval and sent letter asking for confirming the booking by paying the 25% of the total cost as booking amount.I talked to marketing personnel and asked them to wait till they have the BDA approval for asking for payments. Marketing personl( Mrs Leela Sundaram)  agreed and also promised that there will not be any change in rates for already booked customers.After 18 months of me booking, Adarsh got the BDA approval. After which they sent letter saying I have defaulted the payment and hence the modified rate of Rs. 2550/sqft is applied to my flat. They asked me to pay the revised price.I talked to marketing Head of Adarsh ( Mr. Rao that time) and he was talking very arrogantly and said that I have defaulted the payments. ( Teling as if I have taken loan from them and not paid..)So finally after fighting I withdrew the booking money and cameout. My attempt meet the CEO of adarsh Mr. Jayashankar was futile with every time operator not allowing to talk to him saying his very busy.( Busy in doing all the cheating plans???)Another thing they did in between is all the marketing executives who was handling the Adarsh Esplanade project earlier were missing.  ( either they might have left or Adarsh might have asked them to leave the company )So be aware of this developer in future....

 Seven month before I want a plot in good and cool area and my family also had problem and  bored in this old house. So, I want a plot immediately and good. My this dream is really happen by Adarsh Developers which is in bangalore. These persons have best construction  quality. They give a beautiful plot in beautiful building. They tell me before that what is problem or not in this house and I was become happy by their truly communication and they didn't hide anything with me. I was really impressed by Adarsh Developers. I look for several plot before but I didn't liked but know I am happy and this is happen by only and only Adarsh Developers.

 However Adarsh Palm retreat has all facilities but you will not find any public transport inside.If you do not have any personal vehicles then u r just like handicapped. Auto guys demand very high price & some does not want to go.At least two cars require if you want to stay in this premise.Now it is looking nature friendly but after completion of all phases it will be equivalent to concrete jungle. Personally I do not like this.

