ATS is a well known builder in Delhi NCR, few of its projects are named as ATS paradise, ATS villa etc. If I talk about flats, only few builders sustained in this real estate market. ATS is one of them. Its name is on the top now days. Credit goes to ATS itself. My sister is living in ATS building in Indirapuram, Ghaziabad. Must say, what a maintenance they are having in their building. Basket ball court, Tennis court, Table tennis, Gym, 2 swimming pools and separate t 2 wheeler and 4 wheeler parking area. Area is not congested at all. Jogging parks and swings and playing parks for children are there.  A separate club for parties is also there. There are 10 towers and 17 floors each. Every building is properly painted, neat and tidy, flooring, carpeting is completely done, and full possession of flat has been given. ATS is known for its maintenance and timely possession. It has never delayed any project in his history. Yes cost per square feet is little bit high in comparison to other flats, but it is worth it. Even I want to take a flat in ATS, right now we are living in Amrapali and that is pathetic. No words for Amrapali. I recommend ATS for flat booking, as it is a most reliable builder at present.

I have been living in this society for 7 years now. Must tell how good a society it is. Lets start with the building itself. Well it has 6 towers with 10 floors in each building. It has a swimming pool, squash court, gym, badminton court, park, super market.  And this all is absolutely free for the residents. Along with this basement parking is also provided. The appartments are quite big and well laid out. The quality of all the appartments are great. The staff also is one of the best. The staff is quite friendly and honest with their duty. Each building has 2 lifts. A lot of cultural programs are also organised within the society. Many companies also come in the society to showcase their products. The society is well situated .  it is minnutes away from the main market and the metro station. The rent is also reasonable.
