 I real estate broker in delhi I have deal with many builders in delhi, After visiting sector 75 noida I make a plant to visit The Jewel Of  Noida Project developed by DASNAC Holdings, when I saw development process and material quality I amazed.in my whole career I have never seen this type of standard.their team check each and every thing on site.After that I sold more than 10 property of The Jewel Of Noida, and I would like to recommend people who is looking for best residence in Dehi NCR.A Company with high Standard.

 Very difficult task to find an honest builder / real estate developer in delhi ncr. From last five year I am trying to buy home for me due to negative review and builder reputation I have postponed my plan again and again.In 2014 I have visited noida sector 75 for same purpose, and I visited "The Jewel Of Noida" project designed and developed by Dasnac Holding. I booked my flat after project visit, they are using quality product for their construction and they do an honest commitment to me for possession.Now in 2016 their project construction is in advance stage and I am very sure that they will deliver project on time.thanks DASNAC for honest commitment.

 The Iconic tower layout I have seen and architecture work is awesome, balcony and roof structure is very good and the staircase designing is also very nice. Over all The Jewel Of Noida made by DASNAC is very nice.I like the construction material and also the way off building designing of builder DASNAC HOLDING use best material also the location of the project is very nice. Modern designing and address the customer to buy the house.

 I was searching for an ideal residential apartment and finally came to know about The Jewel Of Noida Sector 75(Build By Dasnac).The features of the project are very good and totally up to the mark. Whatever I thought for my home, I found it.The best part is that it was in my budget and also in a suitable location for working .I will definitely recommend DASNAC project to everybody who is searching for a good and ideal residential apartment.Good Work DASNAC Team.

 Master Bedroom is Awesome.POP Punning with green-certified acrylic emulsion paint on the wallsPOP Punning with designer cornices on the ceilingImported high-density wooden flooringMelamine polished imported wood door frame with designer door shutterand branded lock(interior)Superior-quality UPVC sliding/ hinged glazed door shutter with heatreflective glass(exterior)Superior-quality UPVC windows having glazed shutters with heatreflective glass and wire-mesh shutters(exterior)Provision for air-conditioner with condensed water pipingHigh-quality branded electrical switches with child safetyLove you DASNAC for this awesome specification.

 Hello All,If anyone talk with me about builders, the only name came in my mind and that is DASNAC Holding, I am fan of their quality n commitment.If you ask me to rate Dasnac holdingI will rate them 10 in all category.Custome service - 10 out of 10Staff Cortesty - 10 out of 10Quality of Product  - 10 out of 10Commitment - 10 out of 10Lifestyle - 10 out of 10Safety - 10 out of 10Connectivity - 10 out of 10Medical Facility - 10 out of 10Construction quality - 10 out of 10

 I am a Non resident indian, I have booked my flat in The Jewel Of Noida 2 years back, after review their earlier project ehomes vaishali and greater noida.one thing is common in their earlier project n that is quality of construction.When I visited project in June 2016 I found that their construction is in advance stage and they used quality material for their project. I think they will deliver project in next year.A great company .Thank you Dasnac For quality construction.I will recommend The Jewel of Noida to my friends and family member.

 I am owner of ehomes vaishali, architect and developed by DASNAC Holdings. A masterpiece in Delhi NCR, I can say that dasnac developed one of the best e homes residential apartment in Vaishali.I will rate them 10 out of 10 in construction quality, customer service, staff courtesy, location of project, market development near project, return on investment, transportation, Connectivity with nearby great location.

 DASNAC has the distinction of being the India's first E-Homes with Green Building concept, reselling upto 55% above market prices after delivery in Vaishali and Greater Noida.The Group commenced operations in Delhi NCR.Dasnac is a knowledge-driven leader in property development in North India. Our flagship business, Designarch, pioneered smart housing in South Asia. We develop properties selectively with unrelenting focus on quality.Highlights=>Strong brand name associated with development of upscale residential condominiums and allied commercial development in Delhi Metropolitan Area=>Development portfolio of around 5 million sq. ft. across projects=>Strategic focus on prime urban upscale and suburban affordable housing in North India

 India's First E-Homes With Green Building Concept,Design Arch Ehomes is one of the popular residential developments in Vaishali, Ghaziabad. Developed by DASNAC Pioneers In Housing Development, this project offers 3 BHK and 4 BHK residential apartments with modern amenities for the comfort of residents. It is close to bus stop and many educational institutions.Community Amenities:Garden, 24Hr Backup, Security, Club HouseHealth & Fitness:Swimming Pool, Indoor GamesConnectivity:IntercomGreen Living:Rain Water HarvestingLiving / DiningVitrified tiles / designer marble flooringBedroomVitrified tiles / designer marble flooringMaster BedroomWooden flooring / vitrified tiles / designer marble flooring

 There are many builders in delhi ncr, if you will search about residential or commercial apartment in delhi ncr location you will get lot of companies project. but how you can trust on them. many of them are cheater they never fulfill their commitment. In delhi ncr I have never seen any builder who deliver their project on Time.DASNAC Holding is exception in this case, they deliver their all project on time and current project The Jewel Of Noida is in Advancse stage of construction.I Can say that DASNAC is an Honest builder.

 After many time visited their project in sector 75 noida, I think I should research about owner of company DASNAC Holding, I after getting information about owner of DASNAC Holdings(J. K. Jain, Chairman), I take no time to booking my apartment in The Jewel of Noida.A Man with Vision.J.K. Jain is one of the leading architects in India, and an active real estate developer and investor. He featured on the list of Eminent Personalities of India compiled by IBRF and has been conferred title of Udyog Bandhu by the Government of India. He is a disciple and follower of Architect Joseph Allen Stein. In a career spanning three decades, he has completed over 100 residential, commercial, education and healthcare projects in the capacities of consultant, architect, contractor, developer and investor. He graduated from Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee with a B. Arch. and has attended executive programs organized by Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is a fellow member of Indian Institute of Architects, international associate member of American Institute of Architects, member of Indian Institute of Valuers and Indian Council of Arbitration. He was honored by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors with a fellow membership, and Delhi Urban Arts Commission through an advisor position.

 Our experience was wonderful. The entire staff was helpful with selections and ideas. The staff was always quick to respond to our questions and concerns.I have visited many times for construction update, The Jewel of Noida, Sector 75, construction is in final stage now so I can say that Dasnac is one of the best builder in Delhi NCRI will always recommend DASNAC For their quality and commitement. Great Experience.

 I am Resident of Desinarch ehomes Greater Noida, I can say that one of the best builder in Delhi NCR.=> Timely Possession of flat.=> They fulfill their commitment.=> Excellent customer service.=> Safe and secure Environment.=> Excellent Location=>Spacious Interiors=> Italian Modular Kitchen=> Jogging Track, Kids play area & ParkI will recommend DASNAC Holding, if anyone planning to buy residential apartments in Greater Noida.

 Wooaaah.After long time of booking I have visited Dasnac Holding Noida based project. The Jewel Of Noida Sector 75, and after seeing project construction update I surprised that they will deliver apartment very soon.its unbelievable that any builder can deliver project before their delivery time.Very happy today that I have invested with a reputed builder like DASNAC Holdings.Thank You Very Much DASNAC

