I am writing this review after 6 months of moving into Devika Apartment, Ghaziabad. The cons of living here are almost negligible as compared to the pros. The best part is the looks of this apartment and it doesn’t ends here. Devika Pragati Group has completed this project with full proficiency. This apartment is fully fledged with best quality amenities. Proper planning for security of residents had been done. Parking is also not a big issue here. Overall, I am very happy living here in this apartment.

Seriously, you feel like a Legend after staying in Devika Living Legend, Indirapuram, Ghaziabad. I am one of the proud and happy customers of this group and would seriously love to appreciate the work done by them. The apartments of Living Legend are extremely spacious, and have great ventilation with balconies in every room. The modern design and various facilities provided are really impressive. The power backup system, firefighting standards and rain water harvesting system employed there have also won my heart. No doubt best builder, best infrastructure, best people I have met so far.

I opened my office in Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi. And after that I have progressed so much that I am going to buy another commercial space from them very soon. I am so much happy by the services they provide. I visited Devika Tower site which was simply superb in elevation, construction.I never get any complaint regarding fittings, roofing etc. I am very much satisfied with the DEVIKA PRAGATI GROUP.

The name and fame of Devika Group could be easily analyzed by the count of projects they have done so far and the count is still on. Thousands of satisfied clients speak the volume of the quality work done by this group. I am one of them and trust me it is one of the best group I have dealt so far. Hope this review helps you in making a right decision in case you are looking for a property. Getting a good commercial space in Delhi is very difficult process. But thanks to Devika Pragati Group for completing so many projects in New Delhi. I found space for my dream office at Pragati Tower New Delhi. Thanks Devika Pragati Group.

Everybody knows that Ghaziabad is progressing at a fast pace. Tall buildings, upcoming metro projects and so on have made Ghaziabad a place worth for living. Looking at all these, I decided to buy an apartment in Devika Apartment, Vaishali. And today my family feels proud of me for making this decision. Good job Devika Pragati Group. You’re providing shelter to many since ages. Hope this good work goes on and on…

I am extremely excited to own a house with this developer. Also this is the first time I am buying a house. I first searched over internet about real estate developers and then I personally visited some sites to find what suites me.Then after some months of search I found Devika Pragati Group and I decided to go with this builder. Today I am happy from my decision.

After viewing hoarding, I enquired about this builders. At first I thought they were not good in construction and quality delivery. But, my assumption was completely wrong after I visited Devika Gold Homz site which was simply superb in elevation, construction, view of the building. I hope engineers worked hard for the design of the Devika Gold Homz site and also I came to know about this builders that they were never comprised about the quality of the building which I have seen very rare. I heartily appreciate the builders of having such attitude. Wishing you a good luck in your future!

Just like any other buyer, I would really say that I have become fan of Devika Group and the projects launched by them. Their experience in real estate sector is par excellence.Now I flaunt my style and have created my own style statement by owning unique and special real estate property by Devika Group. All my friends, family and relatives feel a bit jealous of me since when I booked an apartment in the Devika Skypers, Ghaziabad. You can also appreciate the same by doing the same


Hi Readers, My Cousin bought Devika Apartment Vaishali on 11th of March 2016 and me too went there for the Milk Warming Ceremony. Its a great for us,because they are constructing villas with High luxury and suitable for all Family needs.Its a 3 BHK Apartment with lighted and Ventilated Greatly. The outside view is really awesome and suitable for spending evenings. Kitchen is also fully furnished and I looks the color they used in Kitchen with Marble. The room doors are fully made of wood with a shiny look and floors are fully hardwood with sound proof Technology. The great thing I noticed was there architecture in all rooms. It has 140 square meters with Two car Parking facility. I am strongly recommending you all to buy this Vaishali Apartment and feel the luxury of Life.

I am a govt worker so I was living in a govt condo however now I am resigned. First time I am purchasing a house. I initially looked over web about land engineers and afterward I for one went to a few locales to discover what suits me. To be honest speaking I was truly befuddled and had an extreme time to hunt down my fantasy home. At that point I addressed my companions, family and everybody. At that point after a few months of exploration I discovered Devika Pragati Group and I chose to run with this manufacturer. Their homes are flawlessly worked with great development material. Today I am upbeat from my choice.

This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it. This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it. This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it. This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it.This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it. This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it. This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it. This builder is so maadarch00d it waste all my money investing in this fuuckking building. don't go for it.

It has always been my dream to own a house of my choice.  Since the time I began my career, I had made an habit to save some amount regularly to fulfill my dream. After researching a lot at various locations, I came across gold homes by devika promotors. I quite liked the way they have deigned the houses and the infrastructure around it. I had received some concrete information related to the flat bookings, like possession date, legal paper work and many more. So finally after all these searches, I have fearlessly decided to invest my money here.

I have heard about the Devika Pragati Group from my friends they told me if u want to invest in flats than u can invest.I was excited to visit the sites of Devika Pragati Group and I visited many sites and I really like that.I visited a compartment and I just took an eye on a flat and it was superb with a good interior and the cctv security and the location was also good.I visited the office and I got a good response from the group and I also like the work of construction.The workers there are well experienced and having a good knowledge. So finally I decided to invest in Devika Pragati Group

The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool buuilder.never tells truth . so fraud .The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool builder.never tells truth . so fraud .The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool builder.never tells truth . so fraud .The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool buuilder.never tells truth . so fraud. The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool buuilder.never tells truth . so fraud .The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool builder.never tells truth . so fraud .The only thing I want to say is that this is a bloody fool buuilder.never tells truth . so fraud .

I have always been a Delhi girl. Born and brought up here only. Up until recently till I shifted to Ghaziabad as I got a job there. I was hunting for a suitable house for me and came across Devika Promoters and Builders. I bought a flat in Devika Apartment in Ghaziabad and I must admit that I made a right decision. The flat is fully furnished and equipped with everything anyone would need.i got the kind attention by its services. they have answered my querries all the time

"I bought a plot from Devika Pragati Group and am extremely happy with the overall experience right from the site visit to delivery. Their sales team is very competent and their customer support the most polite team that I've come across in the real estate space. I am totally satisfied with the quality of construction and the delivery was bang on time as well. Overall, it has been an excellent experience with DEVIKA. They truly build dreams, not just homes!"

When I am going to Delhi for my work. I am also booked a room. So I can attractive. Its like beautiful place. Providing many facilities from there side.also garden, swimming pool, loon, parking facilities, park for children. Also playing things for children in the park.

One of my companion had suggested me for Devika Pragati Group. So I considered his suggestion for purchasing a 2 BHK Apartment.They have very experienced staff who will add to your overall experience of dealing with the company. Their vision is to stay focused and committed not only to meet customers’ needs but also to exceed them and this is what I like most about them. Moreover, their prices are very competitive. Their service is prompt and they believe in on time . Great work, welcome your assistance

I had booked a flat with Devika gold homz project in 2012 and had been paying its installments regularly as I had opted for a Construction linked plan . Till date,  I have paid more than 60% of the flat amount and all the installments were before time . Now I am getting demand of Rs 1.34 lac towards the late payment charges on the installments .  Shocked on the demand notice, I visited office at Nehru place to clarify things and get the demand waived . I was given a very cold response as no one was ready to listen to me despite I had receipts for all installments along with bank passbook . Finally a gentlemen agreed to help and reconcile the accounts . All the installments were posted in account on later dates . When I showed my passbook and asked them to correct the entries, I was clearly denied of the same . Reason given was that the entries are according to credit received . Also the interest is charged @ 24% pa from day one of installment . I met many customers at the office arguing for financial issues related to project . I have been to the office almost ten times now and now I am being suggested by a staff member to get my unit cancelled and take refund . Also a broker is approaching me to settle my issue on lesser amount or face cancellation of unit by builder . On my visit to site office this Sunday, I met a client who was asked to pay extra amount due to price revision or face cancellation . He told me that builder has already cancelled many units booked in 2011 2012 at lower prices on various and strange reasons and I will also be given a cancellation letter soon along with refund amount . Plz suggest me what to do and how to save my unit as I have invested my hard earned money for a dream home .


