I have purchased property in 2010 and still waiting. Providing very poor quality, . 5% increase in area without providing any reason/calculation, . project delayed by 3 years, . unwanted demands like Labor Cess from buyers, . unjustified interest - even on amount which has not become due, .Chargeing PLC later etc. etc. . pure cheater I request all to avoid all deals with this company I certify that this is my honest, personal review based on my own experience. That I have not been offered any payment or incentive to write this review. That I am not associated with any agency that markets this product/service/brand in any manner.

I had booked a property in Great Value Sharanam(GV) project in Sector 107, Noida, in April 2010. The builder buyer agreement happened after a year. Work started after another year. They outsourced the construction to another company and the staff at GV never had an idea what was happening. Initially they marketed the project as a Eldeco project, but later it came out as its a GV-only project. Many people bought flats in this project because of the Eldeco name. They provided a BBA without actual drawings and floor plans. When anybody wanted to get the one-sided BBA terms changed, they asked them to rather cancel the booking. Buyers had no choice to object as a year had passed in the process They intentionally concealed information such as there was a disputed L-shaped land in the middle of the project which they did not own. The status of the piece of land is not clear yet. They have been showing this land as part of their project in marketing material since the beginning. They later increased the number of floors from 18 to 21 without informing the buyers. They had to scrap two phase-I towers because of the L-shaped land dispute. The status of these two towers is not clear yet. They are interested to construct these towers later when the land issue is solved.  In CLP plan, after the brickwork is complete they send all remaining demands at a time and don't allow you to verify whether the related work is complete. Whenever you ask them about possession, they answer that it will start in another 3 months. The phase completion I dates they have given till date are like this: June 2012, September 2012, Dec 2012, Mar 2013, June 2013, Sep 2013, Dec 2013, Mar 2014, Apr 2014, May 2014. They are too clever on this front.  Before offering possession they sent letters to buyer of phase-I that super area has increased by 5%. They didn't provide any justification for it. The super area increase did not add any actual area to the flats nor to the common facilities. Their top leadership is not accessible to the buyers. When groups of buyers visit their office to meet them, they hide inside the office and do not come out. They have kept two junior marketing and collection staff to deal with such buyers and groups. These two guys usually have no idea about the construction status and company decisions. Last words: Keep away from this builder. They are inexperienced in construction but are highly efficient in all the builder malpractices and manipulations.
