 IRCTC:- Drama of sleeping by administratorIRCTC means Indian railway catering and tourist co-operation.its easy to wake up someone who is slept, but its most difficult to wake up someone who is acting as if it is slept:- unknownAs far as I know, every organisation are meant to be formed for the smooth public service, IRCTC might be helpful in some cases, but true fact that is this governing body really working for the welfare of public in INDIAN RAILWAYS which is having annual profit of more than thousands of crores every year.....?i dont want to compain to any people here, because perhaps the administration system is itself not working or may be it is playing the drama of being unknown about the every incident which is hurting public and inner tourist who are using the railway transport system while travelling from one place of India to another...perhaps these might be difficulties not only of me alone, but the every traveller who had a unusual day while travelling from railway...Usually, we know that IRCTC is given duty of servicing people in catering sector in indian railway inside railway and inside the platform of Railways...let us talk about the food inside railways....I normally dont know what is the condition in first class compartment, but talking about the second class compartment, food is not better than of good quality, very high prices and un-reliable time table of serving Food..the first thing that comes in my mind about food is third class and bad quality of tea in RS 5,not a single constumer takes it from all satisfaction and as a result, we have to take tea outside of catering server when any platform comes because the outer tea is much cheaper with atleast good taste.lunch, dinner and other food are not of good quality, and perhaps everyone knows the quality of lunch and dinner in railways... Because there is no option other than going for those food, we have to take these food just for the sake of stomach....Well.. The MRP of food product is said to be the maximum retailing price of any product and in this price the benefits as well as every taxes..But, we wont get any food on MRP rate, always the higher rate than of listed tag pricewhile asking why price is high than of tag price, they say, its simply the order by our owner.....the each and every product is expensive by RS 2 while the soft drinks of MRP 20 are sold in RS 25morever, even in the railway platform, the price is really higher....and many times, the food inside the canteen in long route railway seems of food of last nightnow the question comes here....why this negligent is being done by the adminstration of railway and IRCTC?Do they want to make more profit in railway by those raised high price?perhaps they have never travelled by indian railway, so this might be the unawareness... but why are they not taking any action in those contractors and worker who takes high price and prepares low quality food...?this is not about paying RS 2 extra... but this is because of where our systems damages from small level.. and this is place from where the corruption starts...Every people are tired of compalining, but if anyone in IRCTC and railway is really waking here, I advice you to take the immediate action and solve the people....Dear MSians, let me know what do u feel on this topic...And dear administrators of moutshut.com, I hereby request you to forward this review to concerned department so that they may be still not sleeping...Recomendation of yes because there is no other option...because better than having no food, atleast have some food...Regardssuraj

 First Things First is one needs to be real lucky to get into the rail, due to so many issues of getting the ticket:The website irctc.co.in is static at all times..and the page expires as you type...winning the Lottery would be an easier task I guess.the website needs to update itself and I don't know the details but it should have more servers to facilitate proper access to all people.the booking counters should ensure proper delivery of tickets and should not have complaints of" Line nahi hai" ( the connection to the servers is down). it makes it impossible to get Tatkal tickets.Please give some importance to human life and security and ensure proper public amenities at all places.proper disaster management drills and safety measure at the stations as well as the trains also.hiking the fare is not the only solution...I hope I am heard....

 Yes the earth had turned one more time on its axis and it was morning.. and I had to get up early this morning .. today was a holiday and I had to catch a train from delhi to jaipur ..apur delhi non stop super fast special..i had not been able to sleep properly this night .. one of the reason being I had set an alarm to get up early.. I dont know why this happens but it happens .. you cant sleep specially when you have to getup early.. at 2.30 am my phone had started ringing.. I though it was the alarm but it was not..it may have been a bad coincidence.. someone who had called twice the previous day and was asking for someone I didnt know had called again in the night.. he didnt say anything and I couldnot for a while understand what was going on..but I disconnected the phone after a while ..but I was afraid he would call again .. but luckylee he did not call again.. but I could not sleep..i got out of bed at 4.30 the train was scheduled to leave at 6 am..i made it in time..i found my seat .. no 9 in coach d2 second sitting..sitting infront of me was a curious 20 or so boy..another boy aroud 22 or so came. the zipper of his trouser was wide open.. but I ignored.. I am mostly an intovert by nature..The boy sitting opposite me was wearing a t shirt that read .. your attitude may hurt me..but my attitude will definately kill you..he was was already noticing my cago pants and my stylish bag .. stuff I had only out of chance and not out of choice.. and he was dying out of insecurity..but he stood his ground and started talking with other passengers..2 ticket checkers came .. they cought hold of a person who had boarded the wrong train.. he had to go to Gwalior ..he had the tickes. I or two more people gathered to understand the situation.. the curious guy also jumped upon the oppurtunity..the ticket checkers threatned the person and told him that he will be treated as without ticket.. mean while I noticed the other passengers feeling insecure because the curious guy had left his briefcase unattended as he had followed the ticket checkers to the next bogy.he came back after a while and told me that they took 1000 bucks from him for boarding the wrong train.and he will also have to suffer other pain caused by being in delhi instead of gwalior.. he will have to find another train from delhi to gwalior..i didnot say anything and just smiled.the he moved on to the fat guy with opened zip and said ."ise band kar lo ye public place hai bhai."the poor fello had no answer, was embarrassed and zipped himself....I found the same guy while returning from delhi poking his nose in some other peoples matters..

 Indian railways is lifeline for entire indian population that is 10200 million.The population of australia is just 20 million and indian population is more than 50 times of australia and same if u think of canada both the country are three times bigger than india.Population wise we have rank but matching facility of raillink is lacking and need to be doubled everywhere. Passengers have to sit like animals if u travel in any ordinary compartment. I am used to travel in compartments where the very entry becomes a circus, many invent ideas as follows.1 Enter the platform hours before the arrival of the impending train.2 que for ticket hours before the train arrival.3 whole family members make several way to find seat and invent novel method by spreadingbedsheets, news paper and even their suit cases and ofcourse the upper luggage place is mostlyare occupied by sleeping and if it is heavy rush sometimes six to eight persons sit and risk.He who is used to travel in such animal compartment has better suggestion.The right time has come for railways to increase the facility for every indian citizen to travel decently just because come what may, train journey is most safe and cheaper hence including mecalculate saving money instead of comfort.THERE IS NEED TO DECONGEST THE RUSH.Yes I am sure railway department officials who travel in ac cars, in highest luxury cant make outhow it is like travelling in animal compartment.There is absolute no comfort and one has to enduresleeplessness, fatigue and hunger too.I HAD TO EAT TEN TIMES BECAUSE OF FATIGUE IN THE JOURNEY.Yes since u have to sit in a tight conditon u become more humane and forget the pain of it.friendsbefore we sit in the train we curse the rush and uncomfortable sitting postion where even to changeyour sitting postion is a herculean job but u find god lives here.I REALLY LOVE THE WAY FAMILIES SHARE THEIR SMILE IN POVERTY.Yes they are so poor, but their heart is so pure, sometimes I get tears seeing their misery becausewhen I am eating the poor child look in such a kind pitiable way, how can I eat, so I try to give as much as possible that I have.IF U GIVE EATABLES THE POOR REALLY ACCEPT IT WITH GRATITUDE.U may donate a lot, but when u share what u eat and drink, the poor really give u so much respectthen I wish oh god please also make me as poor as them, so when some kind man or womangives me food or coffee it will taste so delicious.U HAVE TO SLEEP IN DISCOMFORT BUT EACH KNOWS HOW BAD IT IS.In indian railway travel especially ordinary compartment is less equipped with any modern facility, most of the time toilet has less water but stunning news I give.INSPITE OF RUSH THE TOILET IS REALLY NOT DIRTY GOD CLEANS IT.This I am amazed to say, freinds most of the compartments of ordinary I have travelled too much rush it may be, but somehow people know how not to dirty the toilet, many times I find ordinarysleeper has far less cleanliness than cattle compartment this is news really.now coming back what is needed major surgery for railways.1 Delhi should have double track to each state capital a direct link so that time is saved.example delhi to bangalore let them make double track , similarly delhi to bombay double track, hence in this way nearly 15 double track may be needed and total land needed will be just many few thousands acres of land, but if u compare land usage for road highways railway linesneed just 30 ft for each track.IF U DOUBLE THE TRACKLINE U NEED JUST 60 FT ONLY.compared to double track line, roads need four times to five times the space needed for railway.2 Train journey is safe it is universal truth hence.History of indian railways.Britishers introduced railway service for india, and main reason to introduce was for their administrative purpose otherwise road transport was fair weather basis and since the transport vehicles was not much there at all.well what the britishers gave to india one is english and second is railway has given greatest strength for indian economy and it is very easy to visit any place starting from kanyakumari to delhi in two days time, and so economically .WHOLE FAMILY CAN TRAVEL ALONG WITH FOOD PACKED.Imagine a middle class family of five persons including children they pack food for three days travel and u can see it in long journey travellers, ur mouth get watered when they eat and u feel oh I should have also brought food likewise.IT IS TIME GOVT SPEND AT LEAST ONE LAKH CRORE RUPEES FOR MANY PURPOSE.Every district head quarter should have a well facilitated station with all amentities including rooms, hotel, shopping complexes and also internet facility, the reason of this need is tourist will feel safe to stay at railway station premises and their safety, saving of money and also they can roam the city they stay with ease. This one lakh crore rupees is just 1000 rs for each indian citizen. In a period of two years railway can make this much profit and we dont need income tax to be paid at all, i am sure our government can run just by the revenue .

 Hi All, While a lot is being said on the strides of improvement and profitability the Indian Railways has done, there is one grey area which needs to be closed looked into. During the ticketing proceedure, the railways entertaing booking for passengers even after after all confirmed seats are booked. These are the RAC(reservation against cancellation) and the Waitlisted passengers. On close scrutiny I found that the railways makes a lot more money only on the cancellation charges and these cancellations, hold you breath, are being done by the railways and not by passengers! Here is how.1) Railways make money by charging cancellation charges for confirmed passengers. Remember, those confirmed seats are at most times filled by the RAC and waitlisted passengers. What is the need for cancellation charges, when you know the seats will be occupied? Even Residential apartment builders return 100% of you apartment booking charges, if the apartment is taken by somebody else(mine did). Only in places where you find it tough to get another customer, do you leavy cancellation charges.2) This is a big one.Railways also makes money on cancellation charges for people not confirmed on RAC and Waitlisted. As per railways policy, RAC and waitlisted passengers cannot board the train. Hence, they have no option but use other modes of communication. So not only are you inconvenienced, you also need to pay the cancellation charges( Rs 20 per person)! Little wonder the railways makes crores through such methods!

 THE GUYS AT IRCTC CUSTOMER CARE ARE SIMPLY HORRIBLE.COUPLE OF GIRLS SIMPLY KEEP HANGING UP ON YOU IF YOU DONT SPEAK IN HINDI.THE ANNOYING PART OF IT IS THEY WILL GREET YOU IN ENGLISH AND WHEN A QUESTION IS PUT FORWARD THEY SIMPLY DONT UNDERSTAND .I GUESS THEY MUST HAVE HIRED SOME CHEAP GIRLS FROM GULLIS OF NEWDELHI.THE ACCENT IS SIMPLY HORRIBLE .DONT EXPECT ANY SERVICE FROM THEM ITS SIMPLY WASTE OF UR PHONE BILLSBETTER LOGIN ONLINE AND MARK A MAIL TO CARE@IRCTC.CO.INTHEY ARE A BIT BETTER.IF YOU DONT BELIEVE ME JUST TRY ONCE AND YOU CAN EXPECT THE AGENT SIMPLY HANGING UP ON YOU.I CHALLENGEDONT THESE IRCTC GUYS MONITOR THESE CALLS 
 I recently traveled by the New Delhi - Bhubaneshwar Rajdhani express from New Delhi to Tatanagar. The breakfast served was horrible. The "Meals on Wheels" menu clearly mentioned that the Omlette should be 2 eggs.served with Fries and Boiled veg. However what they serve is not even made of one egg. There were no fries and only five boiled peas.These shameless people then move around with a tray asking for TIPS before you reach your destination.Hope the new Government and the Minister take immediate steps to stop corruption in the Railway Catering.This is a request to all fellow passengers to report such things immediately and raise your voice against the staff who cheat passengers. They have become arrogant and think they can keep doing this and get away.

 This is the first time I have travelled and absolutely the last time I have travelled in IRCTC to Kolkata.This train starts from Chennai Central to Howrah, Kolkata.This is the worst train I have ever come across based on cleanliness, behaviour of TTR and other stuff. I travelled with my mom and kids. Had really worst experience from this train. People. Please stay safe and don't ever choose this train.

 I happened to read a news article in Mint Newspaper which was lying on the floor inside Bangalore airport last night. While I have several other posts lined up I felt this news deserves some attention.Indian Railways has decided to increase the capacity of its train by around 12% by introducing an additional berth in the coaches. It is difficult to describe in words how they are planning to implement the same. Refer the image below for current seating layout and new layout.(S=Seat, B= Berth)In other words, a third berth will be introduced in between existing 2 berths on the side seats. This extra passenger will be sharing seats with either of the three passengers as shown in the diagram.Reportedly this idea of increasing the capacity has been accepted to generate more revenue by carrying more passengers in same number of trains, so that the need to increase ticket fare will be eliminated.

 20th Feb, 2016. I went to old Delhi Railway station with 5 other members of my family to board Rani Khet express. Unfortunately, Train was cancelled due to JAAT protest. We then went to Anand Vihar Bus terminal to reach our destination by Bus. Waiting since so much days, as someone told me that for cancelled trains u get refund automatically. Today I contacted them and asked for the refund. they say "THE TAIN WAS NOT CANCELLED" For Gode Sake "How can they say so? "I am not getting any refund.

 Dear readers,On 3rd May 2015 I started my journey from BAM to SALEM. This was a horrorful story. I had the reservation in sleeper class but I got my seat in 2 hours. There were as many as 30 people in 8 seats. People were everywhere even in the bathroom. I didn't drink water fearing having to go to bathroom. The people who were having General tickets slept in the floor and nobody reacted anything even TTE and RPF didn't gave any notice.Don't go on this train ever.

 Indian railway aplogo ko sharm aha chaiye kyuki itna paisa kamane k baad kuch to accha Karo.Rajdhani express.wo v same hai. Seat condition- ekdam bakwas kharab .middle, lower, side lower mei a/c kuch v ni milte hai.rajdhani mei khana dene k liye jo log rahte hai wo v ek nmbr k bhikhari hai. Last moment wo seva pani k kharsa lene k liye ayega aur ni dega to kharab baat bol k chale jate hai. Luggage Rakhne k Jagah par rat, cockroaches ghumte rhte hai. Coach saaf krne k liye aate hi ni hai. Khana k baare mei pucho hi mat ghatiya khana.urinal dekh k aise lagte hai ki koi zoo mei aa gaye. Usse zoo better hai. Ye sab kuch mei RAJDHANI k baare mei likh raha hu. Mai 3month me 1 bar travel karts hu and Past se present tak kuch v nahi Badla. Isliye likhne mei mazboor. A/c mei aisa hai to baki general, sleeper to chhod hi do. Paisa sahi Disha mei kharsa Karo.

 Disgusting.need lost more to do.like cleaning. Crew.pollution. Am waiting list. Allocation seat allocation. Washroom.am need more water plant.blahhh blahhh. Travel one tym in a lf by Indian rail an see your self.xxxxxxcccccccxxxxcccccccccxxxxxxxxxxxxx

 The quality of the customer service cell of irctc is simply disgusting. I just typed out a letter to the authorities ( which I have very little hope of being attended to ).The customer care numbers are either dysfunctional, or not attended or busy most of the time. Getting through to any number is the biggest ordeal. And even after you get through to someone, the person seems to be totally incompetent to address your concern. They say they will do something & nothing is done & then once you keep your ph down you can never get through to that same person again.Sometimes I wonder why they even have a customer care cell? Total waste of resource and not to mention the customers time. I had thought that IRCTC had improved but guess I was hugely mistaken. Its only when one faces a problem that one realizes the true state of affairs.Wonder if the authorities even care about the inconveniences that a common man faces because of their inefficient services

 Most of the issues related to Indian Railways have been taken up, quite ably by the other reviewers. I am writing a small reveiw about my experience with the Internet booking system of the Indian Railways.A month back, I wanted to book a railway ticket from Nagpur to Delhi, and therefore I decided to try out the Internet booking system. After having registered at the site, I filled in the required information and pressed the submit button, which to my surprise resulted in "nothing" at all. Thinking that this is a problem of my internet connection, I emptied the cache, rebooted, checked the net connection on a couple of other sites, and tried again, with the same results. The next day, I tried booking through an internet cafe - and - again nothing. I then had to book the ticket at the railway station itself.Having checked with a number of people, I now know that the railway internet reservation system is quite erratic, and doesn't work a number of times. I do realize that an internet transaction site has problems from time to time, but the railways booking system is problamatic much more often. If they are thiking of offering excuses like the "large number of visits and transactions" etc., Amazon and ebay have even higher traffics, and they are not even "the world's largest employer".Additionally the railway reservation site is not operation in the evenings, and night time (IST). There is no reason why it should not be on. Or is the internet too, part of the railway employee's union. Actually the railway employees are even working in the night time, the internet seems to be a union member with special off-time rights.  :-)I do understand the need of the Indian Railways to gather financial resources, but pasting the website with cheap looking, flashy, bandwidth hogging, and plain annoying advertisements is certainly not the way. They can take a leaf out of Google's book and go for a few targetted text based advertisements, or they can put just one plain advertsiement, and charge for the exclusiveness.I do hope that Indian Railways makes the internet booking round the clock, and enhances the backoffice software to get rid of continuous problems. Only then will the Internet booking system function as a true boon, and not an only too occasional bane. I am giving it an average rating, and poor quality. Maybe the quality of service is better than many other government (or even private) services in India, but in comparision to even the most basic transaction websites, it is quite poor.Note:Actually the "Staff Courtesy" section does not apply, but as it is mandetory, I am giving it the same points as the "Quality of service" section, taking the annoying ads in consideration. :-)

 I was travelling from Allahabad to Haridwar in link express 2A class as on 02 Nov 2010. On 3rd morning the train is late by 5 hours. When I was about to reach Haridwar I came near to gate and I noticed that Mr Kapoor (ticket checker) is smoking. Then my eyes caught the attention of the notice just next to this man 'Rs 200 penalty for smoking in the train'I took my mobile and catch this moment in my camera. Enclosed the snap of SMOKING TICKET CHECKER MR KAPOOR IN THE TRAIN.I request railway department to improve services and make sure that staff should not break the rule. This is very common but the common man suffer because of the monotony of such ticket checker.

 I have made several trips by Rajdhani and Duronto Express trains from Hyderabad to Bangalore and Delhi. Let me tell you that all my experiences have been awful.Once when I was travelling to B'lore, the train was expected to reach by 6 a.m. but it reached 4 hours late. As per rules we were to be served breakfast and the catering staff kept telling us that the breakfast was getting ready but finally just before reaching the station we were informed that no breakfast would be served. Secondly, whenever I have traveled by Duronto train, I have never been served cold drinking water or cold frooti. It is always warm and undrinkable.The waiters have the audacity to suggest keeping the drink for a while in AC to let it cool. Once the poories served for lunch were just rotten. Another time we were served only 3 non-vegetarian plates against 4 and the fourth one was veg. Whenever I ask for complaint book, the waiters start pleading and promise to exchange the warm bottle or say that they would provide extra rice against poories and disappear for some time.The greatest problem is that no other passenger is willing to complain(seems they all travel on free ticket of Govt or company). So the best thing for me is to stop travelling by these trains and travel with my home made food in some other train.

 I have 2 tickets(and 1 child ticket) for travel to Mumbai(1 male, 1 female and 1 child(less than 5 years) for 25th May from Delhi.These tickets are of second AC bogey The train depart from New Delhi Railway Station @ 2:45 pm on 25th May.I had booked it for me and my family's travel but due to unavoidable circumstances, I am unable to go.If you or your friend/s are interested then please let me know. Thanks in advanceRegards, 
 I have seen many people discussing about the good and bad things about our Indian railways. Apart from that, I would like to inform you that how we can make use of the railway network to the best to benefit ourselves?.........................................................................................................................................................................

 I am regular user of Internet and may be the early birds who opted for POP account from VSNL those days standing in the line at VSNL office Churchgate. So basically I know what how and when of Internet and its uses. FEw days back I tried to book Tatkal ticket for my family members and after some time able to get ticket in 3 A/c for two. As per my past practice I checked my Credit card Web site to see how much they have charged me.I was shocked to see that they have charged me four time. Then I got four ticket confirmation also from them. So in one ticket booking I got four ticket, I was bit shocked but then knew these computer mistake happens sometimes due to so many factors. I contacted IRCTC and was shocked to hear that you have doen booking four time in one minute [I must be biggest hacker of Indian IT firm] and being rules of the Railway you have to cancel the tickets and you will be given 25% of value of tkts due to Tatkal tickets.I also wrote to my credit card company to stop payment and register my compliant. So the things are in bit doll drums and I am fighting with both parties to rectify the problem and refund my money.As per any purchase of railway ticket it should ask you the details of passengers+ other details then it should go to payment gate way they should ask all details and payment to be made. in this case only once they have asked me the details and given four ticket even with all these procedures.My intention is to inform your member through your site to be care full while registering with IRCTC site. Even after accepting if they donot give confirmation of tkt, do not think that it is not booked they must have booked it and if you again try it new tkt will be issued.Also even be care full in pressing the buy button if you press two time you wil get two tkts. it totally absurd but it is true.I am fighting my case but with this review members of this site will be bit educated.with best regards,Capt Rajeshwar Singh [retd.]9819709838

 I have reached Chennai in Kaveri Express from Bangalore ( Krishnarajapuram Station ). Little did I realize that I need to check the coach status as my ticket was an RAC one & my wrist watch was showing a time beyond the rialway portal work time ( 2330 they close the show.. not just the booking but also the reservation status pages.. funny though)... I SMSed my PNR to the service number and got a message saying the service isnt available after 23.30. I thought that was an automated service..Aint it??? But it doesnt sound like one from the message I got....Ok.. Lucky for me that this train has numerous stations to stop before arriving at Chennai and even if I land in the wrong coach, I can walk through to my right coach guided by His Highness The TTE of Southern / South Western Railway who only do their work using their subconscious mind. Well dont ask what their concious mind is doing... Thats continously checking on possibilities of selling empty berths unofficially... and making quick money...( A lot of them do )To make things easier for me, I boarded one of the reserved coaches in the centre of the train and I was very happy that the TTE took an instant look at my ticket and without checking the charts requested me to board one of the first three coaches from engine ( S12, 13 or 14 ). I applied my analytic mind again and got into the middle coach so that I less through the coach as people would be still busy settling down. The TTE took one look at the ticket and while mind was racing that he should say one of the three numbers... there was another googled and the number was S11. My next question was if the train has continuous vestibule and the instant look of TTE was " Which world are you in.All coaches are connected "... So there I started walking and after one coach there was one big shutter on which I could see something written on Font size 80 " VINOTH YOUR SLEEP IS SCREWED" . It was half past midnight.. Still I didn't give up and knew the train would stop in the next five minutes at Whitefield station and was ready to run a marathon as S11 was the last coach. True it wasnt the best day of mine) and while I was ready for the marathon standing near the door while the train was pulling into Whitefiled station, the guy on the upper berth close to where I was standing with his half open eye, asked me close the door once I get down. I couldn't help him as I would be late. There I started running and every coach had its door locked. I thought for a moment that it was time for me to take a rick and head back home as I ran beyond S11 and couldn't find any of the coaches open.. Finally after rock banging I could manage entry after the train started moving.I enter S11 and there is my berth number 32, Side Lower berth a very tough one for a six footer, , But I was too tired, that even a 4 feet berth could have sung a lullaby for me... But looked like my berth was auctioned at a premium rate and I found that out as the TTE openly told me that he sold my berth and also took money ( absolutely unofficial and he was telling me that and asked me why I was late ). Neither in my home, school or in work place has anyone asked me that.. But it doesnt matter as I wanted to hit the berth for that 4 hour sleep... and was given a Side Upper. More luxury and u know whats the iciing on the cake, that was right next to the toilet and u can imagine.170 bucks for overnight journey. No country can boast of this price... I am happy with that and very proud as well. However the basic amenities and support at stations is something which is very important... and the budget should talk about these stuffs and not just people or ministers or government should boast of the cost not being cut. Definitely we respect that but there are more to that money money. I don't have much trust in Mamta's budget but I wish some good minister comes for the next year atleast and bring in an ocean change in the way railways work and provides services.The worst berth that can be allotted to you is a Side Upper and if you are a tall guy thats like the biggest punishment of your life. And if your number reads 8 or 72 the one right next to the Toilets, man you are dead.... So what I suggest is if you happen to get one of those numbers as your Berth please ensure you wear yourself out during the day so that you can sleep on any condition during the night..Have a lucky journeyVinoth

 I want to share a bad experience which my parents suffered while travelling in first AC compartment of the indian railways...they were travelling from habibganj to umaria..the curtains were torn...the compartment was smelling of foul smell. the bathroom seats too were broken.They could not sleep the whole night of the stench...they did complain to the railway supervisor who expressed his helplessness..finally they wrote in the complaint book and are awaiting response from any of the railway official...they took photographs of the compartment which is a must see.The railways do charge quite a bit for the first AC and it is supposed to be actually good...such experiences naturally bring down the reputation of the railways...or is it because this was a lesser known route.........if a complaint has been lodged isnt it the duty of any responsible railway official to redress and address the wrong................

 Indian railways - This is definately one gift from the British that wewouldn't want to stop thanking them for. That elaborate network whichoperates through the 30 states never fails to bewilder me. It's simplyamazing! It wouldn't be an overstatement to say that Indian railways areone of the most efficiant in the world. So what if Europe has the bestlooking trains, and Japan has the fastest! The costs are equally royal!The distances are equally short, and the public is equally deciplined!Indians  travel from the southern most tip to the far northerly in roughly500 bucks, that's lesser than 10 pounds by the way! The reasonablefares are a huge convininece for the poor and middle class to explorefar away terrains of the country. And the past 10 years have seen arevolution in the reservation system! Now you can book your ticket fromanywhere to anywhere from anywhere! Also the online reservationsystem has taken up in a big way.There are definately some minuses too, but so what? Which system isperfect? The train timings are frivolous and unpredictable some times.The filth in the ordinary class compartments is beyond verbal description.The loos in a shockingly lurid state! All these faults should undoubtedlyattributed to the public, who refuse to mend their manky and shoddy waysof public conduct. And the government refuses to take serious actionagainst them!Apart from these hitches, I must say that the railway system isapplaudable! Despite the distances and the topography, the show goeson!

 I have just cancelled online ticket from pune to kalyan maharashtra. It cost Rs. 75+ service charges 22.90+ bank charges 10 Rs. 108/- in total.But I get 1000 volt shock when I get cancellation receipt as it shows refund amount of Only Rs. 15/- What a damn.Its ok that service charges are not refundable. But a huge 80% deduction as a cancellationfees is absolutely unfair for small people. No one can accept such a huge cancellation fees.I only had a 75/-++ Rs. ticket . But imagine you have booked rs. 3800/- or more amount of ticket and if you need to cancel the ticket because of some emergency.Mr. Railway minister please rethink about this huge cancellation fees.

 I booked Mumbai CST railways retiring room A/C delux online through IRCTC portal. The charges for 12 hrs was Rs.950/-. The room allotted to me was terrible. There were two beds, each was never made for ages.Dust was blowing to my face.Evidently work was going on during day time. The bed had bedbugs in plenty. (Khatmal). Two A/C units, one used to trip every half an hour. Hot water was good. Never ever stay in CST Mumbai retiring room.

 Since childhood I have been travelling in Indian Railways & I am a proud INDIAN today to see the progress it has made in the recent past. Here are some facts & figures which should be looked upon before starting the review.Indian Railways provide means of livelyhood to 17 lakhs people directly.It has the largest network in the world.Daily 2 crore people of India make use of the railways.It has got the best safety recordper person .New Delhi railway station is the largest interlocking And signalling system in world.Thats enough for now lets start with the review process:-Trains:- It has trains running since 1853 .With its rich heritage and history which one can see if he or she pays a visit to the railway museum located in new delhi.Presently it has broad gauge,meter gauge & narrow gauge trains running in its vast network.Connectivity:- If one wants to see the real india then he should travel by trains as it has huge network and connects every nook & corner of the country.Service:- The frequency of the trains is upto the mark & one can get his tickets booked through online website/travel agents/ticket booking counters. Urgent travel is required then one also has the option of Tatkal reservation.Benefits:- No other train service offers concessions to so many categories of people in the world as it is offered in India. Chronically ill gets to travel at fraction of the costs,students too can get discounts,doctors are eligible for 10 percent discounts.Senior citizens,national award winners,handicapped peoples the list is endless. This makes travelling in indian railways truely an amazing & value for money experience.Stations:- Indian railways has more than 7000railway stations. One has the facility of toilets & drinking water avaliable at the stations.Upkeep of these stations do require a bit more effort but surely the conditions have improved a lot .There are air conditioned waiting rooms,rail yatri niwas facility,low budget hotels like ginger nereby & food and beverages are avaliable 24 hrs at the main junctions.Ticketing & Refunding:- Many times people complain of tickets being unavaliable or they have not got the refund amount.This is obvious as there are conditions which are out of control to be managed like fog weather ,political rallies,naxal & maoists terror activities. Although steps have been taken to keep a close watch & increasing the security at areas effected .Furthur ,GPS navigation trials are on fast track to avoid delays by fog and one can run trains by keeping in touch with the sat navigation.Refund request should be presented atleast 2 hours before the departure of the train.A nominal processing fee is deducted and rest of the amount is refunded in cash.Online tickets can also be cancelled at the click of the mouse & refund amount can be seen in monthly bank statements.Accidents:- A policy is in place for the injured & people who get killed in an accident caused by railways.Monetary compensation is awarded to the family members of the decesed & free health services to those who are injured.Compensation can be obtained by providing the proof of travel by the train met with accident with identification proof.ACDthat stands for anti collosion device which is at a pilot stage of testing in one of the zones of the railways.Soon it will be installed in all engines of the indian railways.Areas of improvements:-1) Faster trains should be started.Presently the top speed is around 140 km/hr. Talks are on with japanese consultancy to set up rapid rail networks with much faster intercity travel.2) Freight corridorsneed to be set up so as to delineate the passenger & freight traffic thereby   increasing the operational capability of the railways.3) Clean stations & clean toiletsin trains should be at the top of the priority list for the railways.Furthur     passengers need to be educated about the importance of hygeine.4)Toilet dischargeshould be collected in a tank inside the compartment & later cleaned at the servicing bays .5) GRP that stands for govt railway police the agency incharge for protecting the railway property from anti social elements.Guards should be there in every train & x-ray  luggage scanners should be installed in sensitive locations which are prone to terror attack6)Law should be made so as to limit the luggage allowed per person so as to make people realize that one should always travel with minimum amount of luggage so as to avoid inconvenience to others.7) Timely running of the trains will pull back the passengers who have shifted to low costs airlines.DGCA is an incompetent authority who has allowed untrained & fake license holders pilots to fly passenger jets in indian skies without necessary skills .Disaster can happen anytime.But Indian railways has a policy to take exams of the candidates who wants to be a drivermedically he checked and given fittness certificate after rigrous training only he is handed over the control of a passenger train.Verdict:- Much more can be written about Indian railways and I have so many special memories related to my travelling experiences in railways.Wheather its travellin in engine of a toy train in himalayan ranges or taking a lift from the guard of a freight train .....One just cant experience the incredible india without giving a miss to indian railways.....Hats off to employees of Indian Railways for making it work.......

 Indian railways are the largest in the world now but we do not have fastest trains in the world. We do not have under ground trains (sub way) except in two cities, Calcutta and Delhi with a very limited distance operation.I was so much fascinated with rail ''gadi'' as a boy that I wanted to become rail engine driver and this ambition carried on even when I was doing my college. As fate would have I could not become an engine driver.The railways carried Mahatma Gandhi all over India. And it also carried his assassin Godse.The most surprising fact is that all the rail way lines that we see today are laid by British. Since the freedom in 1947 we did not put a single railway line independent of the presently existing one laid by the British except one line measuring 60 km from Bibinagar to Nadikudi in Andhra Pradesh during Mr. Narishimha Rao as Prime Minister !India can boast of Konkan railway on Western Ghats which was somehow completed after 20 years and most of the money was collected in the form of BONDS from the general public. This is the only one I think independently  executed in the sector of railways but at the same time it can not be called as a parallel railway line which can dispense with the British laid railways from any point to any point.It shows the govt. utter disregard for the railways. It has always been a milking cow for the government. They ( govt) rake in the moolah but give back very less. It is the biggest public sector industry with the highest employment.Railways were one important part of the freedom of the country itself. India had 60 different kingdoms ruled by so called ''royals'' who were in fact polishing the boots of the British. They were the only people who did not participate in the freedom struggle. India is also vast country. Entire Briton and France put together is smaller than Andhra and Tamil Nadu put together !!In such a country integration is very important and much more during British raj and freedom struggle.I think that Indian Railways unified the country and still even today it should be the focus point for national integration.One of the national integration methods can be that of the recruitment for railways should be at all India level and not at regional level.But exactly what we are doing ?Bihar did not allow railway exams to be conducted because applicants from other sates came there to take the exam.In Bombay ( Mumbai)  shivasainiks did not allow the applicants even to alight from the train. They beat up poor applicants with canes. May be they were good , in Bihar they tried to molest a girl applicant on the platform itself. A columnist ( Swaminathan Ankaleshwara Iyer ) wrote in TOI that the girl was actually mob raped by arsonists and hooligans who flooded the platform and it went on until the police rescued her. But what we all could see on TV was that mobs beating up and tearing the robes of girls on a stranded train on the platform somewhere in Bihar.Political parties and their chamchas (whom they call as political workers) are making a mockery of Indian Railways. Do they really know what national integration is ?Those nations who really want to see a divided India should do only one thing. They should use Indian railways as the vehicle. But as God would have it,. Those divisive forces do not have such a brain ?How the Indian railways work is really a mystery. It always fascinates me.At one time I was coming from Vijay Wada to Warangal. At the counter the clerk ( you would lose your interest in your life if you talk to them)  gave me a ticket to Warangal for a train called GT. I got in to it. After seeing the Warangal station I realized that it would not stop there or in the next station. 150 km after I could get down and to pay a price for that.At another time they dutifully issued a ticket to me to Tirupathi via a connecting train. But the connecting train already left Vijayawada to tirupathi by time the train that carried me reached there. But the railway authorities are real genius ( most of them recruited through reservation ) , they asked all of the poor souls like me to get in to another train. We all us found later that it  would not go to Tirupathi !!!. All of the passengers who were crammed in to the general compartment like me ( the way Jews were crammed in to trains by Nazis) understood or taken advise by some railways employee or other experts ,that we should get down at a nearby station to Tirupathi and from there we should get in to a bus. After that entire horrible journey and because I reached one day late my boss took a resignation letter from me. That  finished my job in Tirupathi.Two foreigners who came to India just to see India as it is and not a Taj Mahal or jumma masjid , devised a great plan. According to that they should travel in the local trains of Bombay ( to see real India). Needless to say what happened.They declared on the BBC that politicians are not running this country.Gods are running this country !!(Please understand that the above foreigners story is a joke on railways)

 Twice I tried to book ticket on Indian Railway Net.....Money is debited from the account ......Tickets are not booked....It shows failed transaction...there is no body to address the problem...the railways ask you to prove that money is debited from your account.You do not get refund for the failed transactions. And they want us to prove that the money is not refunded by the Railways by turning over them the Account Statement. Desspite of sending the Statement the money is not refunded. My money to the extent of Rs 8000/- is struck with them and there is no hope that I shall get the money sooner. If you want to lose your hard earned money book on Indian Railway net booking.The problem is every thing looks fine and feel that you can get tickets sitting at home. But on the net of Indian Railway.....money is debited from your account without getting tickets booked...And there is no way to get back your money from the Railways for the failed transactions.

 I travelled via Sabari Express (train number 7230) from Hyderabad to Palghat, Kerala.I decided to travel by 2nd AC, since it should have been more comfortable.  My seat was 45 and wife's was 46.  It was the compartment closest to the toilet.  What a mistake that was!  By the evening, cockroaches were starting to appear around our compartment and on the curtains.  I went to the toilet and found the roaches on the walls, sink etc.  We told the attendant about the problem, who said that he 'will look into it'.  On the wall outside the toilet, there was a sign which stated 'pest control in use'.   The train ride was long (about 25 hours).  I couldn't sleep comfortably as one eye was kept open for any cockroach sightings!  It was a sleepless night until we reached Palghat.I booked by train again for the return journey (only because no flights were available on the day which we wanted).  This time we had our seating towards the middle of the train and away from the toilet.  This was a dramatic difference as there were no cockroaches to be found!  Also, the toilets themselves had far fewer roaches crawling on the walls.  Maybe they took action and did something about the problem.  I slept comfortably on the upper bunk.  Next thing I know, there is a chorus of snores all around me. (my wife said I was snoring as well)  I went to the toilet and found the attendant also asleep on his bed with the sheeting covering him.The food on the railways was not that great.  We brought supper from home, but had to order breakfast.  I had idli and vada.  Not the type of food that mama cooks at home! There is always kowfee and chai available.  Not too bad, but I found it be on the sweeter side.Overall, the Sabari train ride is not for someone who likes things perfectly clean and insect free.

 It is with a sense of frustration that I write this:Even after nearly 70 years after independence, it is a shame that the demand for seats for travel by trains outstrips what the railways offers. Even though we resort to advance reservations, many times, the seats just do not get confirmed. And, not all can plan their trips months in advance in order to adjust to the inability of railways to meet the needs of passengers. I dream of the day when I can take a long distance train journey without reserving a seat for any class of seat. Hopefully, something will change. Thank you.Rajeev Rajan

 This us the condition of Lucknow premium train leaving from bandra terminus even after charging enormous amount of money.The train is not different from any general train and takes 31hrs. Indian railways should atleast have sense to provide what customers are paying for. Huge disappointment.

 I read the comment posted by Mr.Santulan regarding the services offered by Rajdhani Express. I totally agree with him and there is one more issue that I would like to bring to your attention.  Indian railway is the largest network in the world now but till now we do not have standard services even in the countries best trains: Rajdhani Express. I am talking about the linens that are distributed to the passengers during their journey. Unfortunately, these are not maintained properly .Even when we asked them to change the linens it was of no use, since all of them were in the similar deplorable conditions with oil stains and dirt on the same, it appeared as if it was not washed after one or two usage, which is really unhygienic. When the passengers are paying for the extra services then small issues like meal, drinking water and laundry should be treated with equal importance. Rajdhani, which was once known for its effective services, is degrading its standards day by day. Hopefully it will improve it service in future.

For the train delay time I visited trainenquiry.com/TrainStatus.aspxI searched for train no 17256 & my boarding from BZA. Upto 05:10 status not updated but train arrived 05:05 to BZA.Where the earlier stations PIDUGURALA SATTENAPALLE GUNTUR MANGALAGIRI the ETA/STA or delay timings are not updated till 05:10.At 05:20 17256 departured from BZA(vijayawada) but the status is still "7KM to go BZA"NOT MAINTAINING PERFECT TIMELINE UPDATES and showing status DATA NOT RECEIVED.
 Recently, I travelled by Rajdhani express from New Delhi to Bangalore. I had to travel by train as the air tickets had become really expensive and my travel was planned at the last moment.While the train facilities and services were usual - dirty and inefficient, what shocked me most was the behaviour of catering staff. As you would be aware, the catering services on Indian trains are not known for great quality, taste or hygiene. However, what I found unusual was the fact that the catering staff was almost forcibly collecting Rs.100 from each passenger.Towards the end of the journey, the catering staff came to my seat and started flashing some 100 rupee notes. When I looked around, I found people handing over Rs.100 notes to them. Then he told me - sir, you also have to give money. When I told him that I have already paid money to Indian Railways, he made a strange face and told me that he is expecting money for the "excellent service" that he provided.I refused to pay him money. When he was about to serve morning tea, he deliberately didn't serve me tea. When I asked him, he told me to walk to Pantry Car to get the tea.This episode has left me totally shocked. In Indian Railways, now people feel that getting a tip is their birthright.

 Indian railway service are worst Every time the announcement are; train is coming, it's on platform. From last 4 hrs. Any time every where stops. They don't care about the passenger. It's just irritating. This train is from Patna to Asansol special. Train no. 03512, date-17th Nov 2013.

 After paying premium fees the expectation of any passenger would be bit more.But believe us, after travelling in 02509 on 19/12/2014, hardly anyone dared to travel in so called premium, trains.Issues:a) Late start up @ source station, no updates for 2 morpheushumanurs.b) Very bad hygienic condmajeechaons in toilet and coach.c) AC not functioning properly & even doors are closed.d) Bad food.e) NO complaint book to register.f) Bad toilet foul smell, no cleanliness.And count less pathetic situations.Can as a passenger we ask, why the HELL you are taking a premium fees witmorpheushumanut any facilmajeechaes."Broad daylight fraud." 
The Indian railways recently introduced 139 service. By dialing this number from your local land line or mobile phone, you can know about seat availability, PNR status and arrival and departure timing of trains. This is a very very useful facility provided to the rail travelers.By dialing 139, you will be guided by computerized instructions. The good thing is that you can choose your own language. If you find it difficult you can choose to talk to the operator by pressing a button. But, are you satisfied with the service??Pl look at the incidents that happened with me.1) I was to travel in a train. The scheduled departure of the train was 1805 hrs. I was ready. I was looking for arrival status of the train in internet. There was 'no delay' in arrival of the train as mentioned in internet in the page trainenquiry.com/. However, there was no mention of time of updating of the mentioned status. So it was not reliable.Hence, I tried 139, I was told through computerized data system that the train was running in time. At 1600 Hrs, again I used 139 service to talk to the operator who told the train was in time. So, we packed and reached at the station before enough time only to see that the train was canceled. The train was canceled from the originating station where the departure time is 1000 Hrs. I could manage to reach my destination through some other train on the next day.2) On return, from the destination, I was to travel in a morning train which leave the station at 725 hrs. Since the train usually remains late, I preferred to know the time of arrival. from 139 service, I got the information that the train was 1.07 min late. I tried 139, ow the train was 1.18 min late. Again I tried at 800 Hrs to be informed that the train would leave reach at 832 Hrs and leave at 847 Hrs. I reached the station at 825 Hrs. When I went to inquiry counter, there was no mention of the train. I asked at the counter to only be told that the train had just left.I had to cancel my ticket and shed out 50% of the ticket charge. Forget about the agony of traveling without a reservation in some other train. Hence, I would advise not to trust 139 service of the Indian railways. Its better if we ask the concerned inquiry counter at the stations.
 Yesterday I travelled by the Chalukya Express. Due to last minute booking I had to travel by the sleeper Class. I boarded the train from Hubli. At this station , I was taken back by the way people were cleaning the toilet and the surrounding area. It was really a wonderful job which needs to be greatly praised. As the train was leaving they all lined up on the platform and waved to the passengers.Good job !!!!!!!!

