 For last six months I have been visiting Prithivee Propmart Pvt Ltd. sec -18 Noida there office for refund of my 4% BSP. I was cordinating with rupesh from Jan every day he use to tell me that the payment is not received from Jaypee.In feb I got the confirmation from Jaypee that the payments is already made to them. I contacted him in Feb & stated that since Jaypee has already made the payments why are they still holding my payments.I was then diverted to Mr Shailender Sharma who told that there payments are pending from the builders but assured me that in Month of April I would get my payments. I visited them again & I was told that I will get my payments from 15-29th May.Entire month has passed but no Payments have been recived it is really painful to go every day to there office and ask for our rights.Rajiv

 'Maintenance and security' is a big concern. Guards are not properly trained to understand the problems of the residents.Many stray dogs roam around in Pavilion Court 3. Guards feed them. Dogs chase children and elderly. I have written mails to the facility maintenance group, but they don't act.There is no proper system to address your concerns. Your mails go unanswered for days.

 Kingswood oriental are independent homes at wishtown noida and are set on 5 basic pillars of life- Long life, Harmony, Beautiful, Happiness and blessed.Architecture for these jaypee homes is inspired by the oriental values using wood, Bamboo and colourful stones. These are limited number of exclusive villas with restricted entry and special golf cart assisted transportation facility and a lot of other hi end exclusive benefits.

 Weheard alot about the Jaypee aman, we called them several times and inorder to confirm their claim of having approved map - as they said theyhave papers thats why banks are giving loan to their customers - wecalled up HDFC bank ( who is providing home loan for their project )

 I booked one flat in Jaypee Kube about 4 years ago. Builder stopped construction. More than Rs. 75 lacs has been  paid. Do not know when the possession will be given. Like minded sufferers and allottees of Jaypee Kube, please co-ordinate with me to take the matter collectively. Otherwise, money doomed. Interested for refund of money even with deduction. Had taken bank loan and paying pre-EMI.Please share your views.Builder is under severe financial crunch due to over-trading and diversion of funds. Total borrowed funds by builder, approx. Rs. 70, 000/- crores. Yearly interest pay-out approx. Rs. 9, 000 crores. Builder selling hard core assets to pay banks as interest to avoid NPA status. Share has fallen to Rs. 11.50.Better to get refund with some cut.

 This is a caution to all people who are even thinking to buy any property even remotely related to Jaypee Group. I bought a flat in Jaypee sports city.The project was kove. It has been almost five years and the company has not even constructed 5% of the project. They have one of the most shameless employees in CRC .You will die calling them but they will not answer your call. They never reply to your mails or letters. It was definitely one of the most trusted brands at one time but today under Mr.Manoj Gaur it has fallen to a state where they are surviving on money of middle class people who trusted them. I have taken up a case for refund will fight these guys in court. Beware guys.it's your hard earned money. Don't give it to them

 IT IS GOING TO BE APPROX 6YR AFTER BOOKING AND FULL PAYMENT MADE. STILL WE DON'T KNOW WHEN WE WILL GET THE FLAT? WHAT WILL BE THE LIVING CONDITION?. THEY SOLD US A GOOD DREAM. WHICH ONLY JAYPEE GROUP KNOWS, HOW FAR IT WILL BE CORRECT. IT IS BETTER TO PURCHASE READY TO IN FLAT. EVEN IF I HAVE TO PAY MORE.==I RECOMEND ALL NEW PURCHASER TO GO ONLY FOR READY TO IN FLAT. PLEASE DON'T BOOK NEW IN NEW PROJECT AT ANY POINT OF TIME.=

 We invested in one of their projects in the wish town. And now that we are stuck, we realize that they are pathetic for more than one reasons.They ain't giving us the position in time and I are not speaking about the compensation.They had some technical issues because of which they told us not to make the payment. They even gave to us in written that we need not pay till the matter is resolved and no interest will be charged. Obviously we didn't pay but they are asking for interest of 80000rs for late payment. After that we haven't delayed any payment and have been writing mails to them but they are behaving like government office babus and are not paying attention to our mails / calls.We are now hoping that they post attention to this at the time of final possession.

 We should not criticize JAY PEE without any reason. its Best in its class, ITS Paradise on Earth once its ready. its going to be a city by itself. one neednt go out of this town for any thing. Recreation jobs, living & medical facllities, all in one campus. God bless us all & Jay Pee.KUBE WHARE we will stay is clode to GOLF AND BOOMRANG CLUB. So lets feel happy that we have bought our house in a really nice place. I personally feel that there is no place like JAY PEE green of Noida in whole of NCR and even in India.My suggestion to JAY PEE group is to make the world class buildings in this project which has high earthquake resistance. Since its a sandy soil very next to Yamuna river we need to be more careful for designing and implementing earthquake resistance buildings. I hope someone is listening

 Jaypee the name is enough, it is a very good company it gives possession on time, it contains a great team of Engineers highly qualified and well experienced, the speed of construction is very good company performs well in every area of construction aspectIt is the most trusted builder in Delhi NCR region customer satisfaction is a first goal they provide all the basic amenities to their clients

 The plots they have come out with in different sizes. They are hiding things like.in this after possession of the plot in the stipulated time given.they have said that 75% of the construction has to be done.that is the maximum and rest is to be left for greens.now the catch is if you are buying a plot of size 299 sq yard or more the calculation would be as per us will be as per 299 sq yard is 2691 sq ft.. And 75% would be 2018 sq ft. Now you will know that this the construction you are bind to do..that is okay but here is the catch.Jaypee sport city is forcing you to construct the whole of the plot maximum limit that is g.f +1.5 that is 2 and half floor that mean calculation you were trying to do will go for a six as your budget double..and this full construction you will have to do in three years. Time after possession .they cannot do that as govt law is of 25% minimum construction.

 Hi,I have purchased two flats in Jaypee Greens Wish Town on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway in Kensington Park Apartments and Garden Isles.I have still not gotten possession of both flats and have paid almost 85% of the money to Jaypee Greens.They are delaying possession each year with some silly excuses. Now the company has no answer.Can We do something about this?I understand some people are filing petition or FIR in Court against Jaypee Greens for this delay in possesion as some 30k buyers are affected.Please contact me as I am also interest in filing legal action against Jaypee Greens.

 I had booked a flat in Pavilion Court Jaypee Greens Noida on 27 Apr 2008 and was allotted flat in Pavilion Court tower No 5 vide allotment letter dated 14 Jun 2008.In last one year I have made at least four site visits and every time I was shown PVC 5 building under construction. During interaction with the CRM personnel, Ms Aradhana Talwar, Ms Shashi Singh, Ms Monica and Mr Venktesh I was told that the project is on schedule and during my last visit PVC5 building was shown as constructed up to fifth floor.Satisfied with the progress of construction I requested for change over from construction linked payment (CLP) to down payment (DP) plan and made payment of Approx 95% of total cost. Not only this I even mortgaged the house to bank for obtaining loan of remaining amount.As per the allotment letter dated 14 Jun 2008 the flat is to be delivered with in a period of 36 months hereof. However, in the last week March 2011 i.e Just 2 month before scheduled date of handing over I was telephonically informed that the PVC 5 building is not being constructed. They called me to their office and showed deep concern and promised a bigger house. But after two days they informed that management is not agreeing to it. I wrote to their CEO Ms Rita Dixit, Mr KC Batra Director Commercial but no reply. They do not pick up the phone.So if any one of you or your dear one has booked or planning to book the flat with Jaiprakash Associates in Noida watch out and take adequate precautions.

 Bakwass builder. Don't book any flat or property with jaypee, they are not commited to complete the project on time and asking instalment despite of closer of construction work.And also threat to cancle and forfit the entire deposit amount. this is totaly loot by safedposh jaypee builder. so many invester invest their hard earn money wih jaypee in their project but they dont care about their problems

