 Logix Group is the real estate developer who has its well reputation in in the estate market. I have seen some complaints about Logix Group and think all these are not true because.Last year I also have purchased a residential apaprtment in Logix Blossoms County and there are lots of amenities available and I am happy with that property. thank you Logix Group. Logix always disclose the price and extra charges which will be applicable and genune nobody can be blame him because I also he property buyer from Logix Group.

 Logix Group is committed to maintain and expand its tradition of'excellence through quality', through its indomitable will and resolve to invent and create new avenues for those who believe in changing challenges into opportunity.Logix Group has its residential projects and Logix Empire Estate is one of its residential project. The project spread over 200 acres, it is excellently located on the Yamuna Expressway adjoining Formula One and in close proximity to the proposed International Airport.There are some negative fake complaints about Logix Group so avoid these kinds of complaints and choose your dream home and office space for business on the best location of Noida.

 5 towers(D, E, F, G& H) of phase I in Logix Blossom County, sec-137, Noida project by Logix Group got the completion certificate from Noida Authority.So, now the final demand requests have been sent to the flat buyers and their fitouts work is going on full swing. Therefore, the buyers will be moving to their dream homes soon.

 Logix Group the real estate builder in Noida offers Logix Technova which has been designed to offer world-class infrastructure for office space. Logix Technova an ideal business destination the project also incorporates green building features ensuring healthy corporate environment and enriched human life.Facilities:-Air-conditioningFood courtsCoffee shopsATMsParkingSecurityPower Backup

 Logix Group is another major real estate developer based put of NCR. Founded in 1997, Logix Group has successfully established its name in the world of real estate. The Developer has a long list of satisfied national and international clients. It provides Empire Estate the real estate property in Sector 22 Noida.Logix Group give you world class property in the heart of Noida. Logix Group has endeavored to provide the residents a lifestyle that is wholesome, active and healthier. Offering a holistic living environment, NeoWorld boasts of facilities and amenities which cater to the needs and aspirations of every member of this mega living community.

 I am not happy with the quality and commitment of Logix Group. The way of marketing the residential project is too good but when we talking about the quality and commitment this group is totally fail.Currently, I am living in this society from last 4 months and there are so many problems like water logging, hard water, horticulture(green plants), security, club facility and many more. They handover the project after 6 years of time.I booked this project in 2010 and they promised to deliver within 18 months and that time I thought they developed various office building in Noida so they can easily deliver this project within 2 years but after 6 years I am really depressed with their quailty in Logix Blossom County.Just checkout the external paint which they use in the residential building, you will definitely not happy with that. The color of the building is very dark and it look like very old residential building.

In case one is planning to invest in Logix Group - Please STOP!Experience dealing with Logix post agreement has been nightmare. Logix imposes payment option and condition as per there convenience and forcing customer for penalty payment adjustment at time of possession. As per agreement customer is liable to get penalty every month, but they have not paid any amount since last 2 years.As customer one is forced to exploring legal option to safeguard his interest.Based on bad experience I will never suggest anyone to invest in this group.It might have already started reflecting in Logix group goal. As customer one will not refer to invest his friends/family/over property sites based on bad experience.Logix competitors as 3C, Amarpali have met there target by+ 6- 8 Months or paid customer penalty. Even small group/companies in Noida like Crossing republic have paid penalty due to late possession. But Logix seems to be managed by arrogant and short vision people.Here is flat video day before possession to give real picture on 19th Oct 2015.Logix Blossom County Buyer Feedback(youtube.com/watch?v=qI19LHGbkM8)If anyone have doubt visit site. This is first residential project being delivered by Logix in Noida
 Founded in Noida, in 1997, Logix Group has been the front-runner in setting up and promoting IT/ITES industry and has established more than 25 such facilities and completed more than 4 million sq ft of IT facilities.The Group today has successfully established a perfect address for more than 4000 satisfied clients and is developing over 40 million sq ft of residential, retail, hospitality, IT and commercial developments. Logix Empire Estate is the new residential project Sector 22 Noida. The project provides you the world class luxury apartments in the heart of Noida.

 Logix Group the renowned real estate developer in Noida. The realty firm Logix Group plans to raise Rs. 250 crore from foreign investors for the development of ongoing projects in Noida.Logix Group provides residential, commercial and IT Parks on the ultimate location of Noida. Regarding the Logix Group there is no negative feedback regarding the Logix projects. There are some complaints about Logix Group but all these are fakes because Logix Group always discloses the super area, common area and carpet area.

 Logix Group is the commercial property developer in Noida. Logix Group provides you the world class property with modern amenities on a reasonable price. Logix La Premiere is another commercial project by Logix Group. The project is located in Sector 124 Noida.Property Features:Prominently located just 2 kms from South Delhi. Excellent connectivity to South Delhi by the proposed 6 lane expressway. En route to the Formula One and upcoming night safari, Moto GP, the Taj Expressway and proposed international airport. 3 side open plot with wide access roads.

 Each project by Logix Group is on utmost location in Noida city. A big plus point for the builder. Be it residential, commercial or IT buildings, the design itself speaks to the viewers.Logix Group has been the front runner in setting up and promoting IT/ITES industry and has established more than 25 such facilities.Having a long list of satisfied clients Logix Group has completed over 4 million sq ft of IT facilities and has established a perfect address for software development centers, back offices, operations and call centers. Logix Group today has a motivated team of experienced professionals to produce truly International class facilities.Logix Group the real estate builder in Noida offers Logix Technova which has been designed to offer world-class infrastructure for office space. Logix Technova an ideal business destination the project also incorporates green building features ensuring healthy corporate environment and enriched human life.

 Anyone planning to buy unit in any of the projects by Logix please be prepared as you are about to put yourself into a lot of mess. The front end sales might be great however, the secretarial staff carrying out the paper formalities will take you for a ride and will ensure everything possible to frustrate you to the limit which will make you feel that you have committed the biggest mistake of your life.You would have an expectation of being treated well as you are investing money in their project however they will make you struggle for each and every step. Attitude and arrogance will be thrown at you face as if they are doing a favor by allowing you to even enter their office. Ahhh and here come the payment part which has made me right all of these comments.Logix might claim to be infrastructure company of today's world however the finance staff is living in the world of 70's I guess or even an era before that.all they understand is "DEMAND DRAFT" they will probably send to to jail if you will talk about cheque's and will send you to court if you even think about an electronic fund transfer and if in case you are able to convince them for making the payment by cheque or RTGS they will take more than a week to confirm they have received the payment.Trust me people its horrible, terrible, all the words you can image is out there waiting for you.Best of Luck to guys who are stuck like I am.and for any one reading this from Logix group please do something to improve your client handling as may be you are a good builder but you lag behind a lot from other companies in the way you handle or I must say treat your client

 I would like to provide feedback on Logix group related with Residential projects. Logix group are relatively new in the Residential projects thus not being able to produce results in desired time. Logix group have produced commercial projects earlier but there is wide difference between the Residential and Commercial thus making it difficult for them to produce results.All of their residential projects are either delayed or never took up. Logix group are not able to produce any significant project which could make them as benchmark in the residential sector.Logix group sold their major residential projects with a promise of delivery in 18 months, plus 6 months of grace period but they are not able to provide possession even after 6 years of launch. As per company person, these projects are all sold out project still Logix group, either do not have money or experience to complete the projects.It is highly advised to check all around things before making a decision of buying their flats.

 Actual facts about LBC.Those who are planning to buy shud themselves go and visit the LBC site.logix has not only delayed its first residential project but has also gone down in quality. End product looks pathetic.1.Quality in terms of finishing of flats from inside plus external finishing.Flat tiles are of inferior quality n colour choice is pathetic. Most of the bathroom wall tiles and room floor tiles are mismatched in colour.Common area/corridor are very average n not even paintedTower entrance area looks pathetic. No beautification, no design in the entrance.Pathetic horticulture. You will have to use a magnifying glass to see if any greenry exists in this project.Just see the nearby projects and check what project finishing and beautification actually means. If builder wants to sell his unsold inventory then he should work on LBCs beautification and spent atleast few penny on towers entrance and on horticulture plus speed up the pending tower work. Possession with quality product should be logix motto now.Logix has really fooled its buyers by trying to give an inferior project, still there is time to correct things otherwise a wise buyer will not invest in this project.Its hightime that this builder mend its way and focus on quality delivery.

 At Logix our persistent efforts are aimed at creating new age lifestyles that touch your life in more ways than one. With the timely deliverance of projects developed with impeccable quality standards.We strength your faith in the group that strives to give you the life you deserve. Logix Group has 23 million sq ft & 200 acres of plotted development of residential hubs. Own a space of your dreams. Relax, unwind and indulge in nothing but the best.

 Logix Group is another major real estate developer based put of NCR. Founded in 1997, Logix Group has successfully established its name in the world of real estate.The Developer has a long list of satisfied national and international clients.It provides Empire Estate the real estate property in Sector 22 Noida. Logix Group give you world class property in the heart of Noida. Logix Group has endeavored to provide the residents a lifestyle that is wholesome, active and healthier. Offering a holistic living environment, NeoWorld boasts of facilities and amenities which cater to the needs and aspirations of every member of this mega living community.Thank you friendsss

 The CMD, Director and CEO Ltd of Logix City Developers Pvt has been booked for cheating by Delhi Police. The FIR u/s 420 has been registered on complaint refer Blossam zest Sec 143 Noida. As per FIR, complainant booked an apartment and later Allotment letter was issued.Afterwards Logix presented a flat buyer agreement, which had incompatible and new terms and conditions to those of comprising application form and allotment letter. Complainant objected and requested to modify the agreement by removing unfair and annoying new clauses but company refused to modify the flat buyers agreement and so on.

