This company expose every things to its coustomer that would be informative to them. I recommend to all who want to invest and increase their worth. somebody has told me about this company's goodness . this is north india's most trusted developing company that;s why I suggest to you all the people who want to try they can try without any tension. as nodia is a most developed city of uttar pradesh near to NCR AND DELHI this company belongs to noida . it also contri bute in leading developers and builders

If you are plan to buy any project of lotus then either switch to any other builder or drop plan to buy property other wise you are going to suffer alot. staff of the office is change continuously and every time you are going to meet new person and listen new story regarding delays .came to know always new problem. if you want to cancel your project due to there mistakes then the service become more pathetic first of all they demands many deceleration on stamp paper after submit as per lotus standard it will take max 3 month to return you amount but even after completing that duration they are not going to return your money easily untill and unless you create a big scene in there office. I recommend don't go with lotus I wasted my 3 year due to opting it .

We should not trust on lotus group because they should first complete their old project "Lotus Boulevard" then they are allowed to book new apartments i.e Lotus greens. we are waiting for our flat which was booked in 2011 and Lotus boulevard towers phase 3 and 4 work is stopped from last 2 years and they have used the funds for new land purchase and launched lotus greens. They are cheating to the buyers. please don't trust this builder and don't buy lotus greens otherwise your money will also stuck with this builder like us. regards K C Arora

Luxurious project of noida/greater noida. Nice location, world class architecture, park, garden.Price is also comfortable to the buyer.Well located and well connected with capital delhi.Very wonderful society around wide roads, security, light, market everything are there which you dream about.  its really like u are in Singapore.

I was on a property hunt this weekend and checked Lotus Greens few sites along with other builder's site.staff behavior and construction quality of Lotus Greens is just amazing.worth a site visit.try and check out properties like woodview residences, lotus isle and lotus arena. Also heard that Lotus greens has launched a project in sector 150, where other renowned builders have also launched their projects. Strategically the location is great from the future perspective.

Experience has been great so far in terms of dealing and return on my investments with LG:) I would like to recommend this company as my to all my friends and family for their real estate investment purpose as an end user or as an investor. That's about it why do I need to write 400 words mouthshut? I am done with my review.last but not the least there are rumours about 3c and lotus greens being together or one company.please check the financials and ownership details to know the reality.

Interesting reviews here but since I have already invested with their two different projects and made money in on of these by selling my unit at a premium so it's obvious I will rate it good only. Never ever form opinion about any builder just based on online reviews., try and visit sites and talk to other customers of that particular builder.

Well not even a single builders has delivered the project on time be it DLF Jaypee, Supertech, ATS, Unitech etc. I see a lot of potential in Lotus Greens just because of the name associated with this company Mr. Nirmal Singh that too when the complete control is in his hands. Unlike before when he was looted by his own partners thats why he decided to form his own company and still owning upto his responsibilities with 3c by infusing funds after selling his own personal assets just to complete the projects. You guys might want to check the background of Mr. Nirmal Singh and financials of LG before making the final choice.just don't go over the reviews you see online.A lot of them are implants by other builders. I know many will accuse me of being one but we all have freedom of expressions.online reviews are not just about spreading negativity. Make an informed decision after site visits and talking to real customers of Lotus Greens.

The review is to inform the people about the malpractices of Lotus Greens Developers. I would like to inform that this company is owned by Mr. Nirmal Singh. He is the same guy who is the owner of "The 3C Company" and looted crores of rupees from the innocent consumers on the name of green housing. People are still struggling to get their dream homes and waiting for the commitments to be fulfilled. Super area increase, layout changes, not paying the delay penalty and threatening the buyers are some of their traits. Please check the online complaints about "The 3C Company" and also check with their existing buyers at Lotus Panache group on facebook, before investing in their projects.

Lotus Greens Noida is a well attractive residential society located in the very reputed city of Noida. It offers 2 and 3 bedrooms living at an affordable price. Sizes offers are in multiple ranges of 1050 square feet to 1450 square feet at profitable price. Here you can change your lifestyle with Lotus Greens.

