 Mahagun is found to be a cheat and highly illogical real estate company. They are only concerned about making money and not about promises they make to buyers. None of its projects are delivered on time.Moreover, their customer service is worst.

 I had booked one flat in Mahagun, My Woods in 2010. Till June'13, I've been paying as per their demand request.Meanwhile I shifted to Greater Noida from Noida and could not update my changed address to them due to some unavoidable reasons like leaving job and father's illness.My father was hospitalized for months who passed away last month. 3 days back, I got a call from Mahagun that they wish to send a new year gift for which they need my changed address. I shared my address and within an hour I got one courier letter which was shocking i.e. cancellation of flat.They never called me during this period. If it was OK till June'13, how it can be so serious in Dec.'13 when only one installment is not paid. They are exploiting us because of higher market price.

 I have experienced very bad experience with mahagun. I booked my flat in March 2010 and it is not yet handed over. I dropped so many mails to their customer care but no body was bothered to reply back.When ever I called them they promised me that they will reply back in next 10-15 minutes.

 Mahagun is found to be a cheat and highly illogical real estate company. They are only concerned about making money and not about promises they make to buyers. None of its projects are delivered on time. Moreover, there customer service is worst.They work like robots who only know how to make demand letters.The lady that deals with customers is programmed to say "CLEAR ALL YOUR DUES". She promises false dates for handing over projects.Also, the company has made considerable changes in project plan (increasing floors in towers, building new towers thereby decreasing green area). Please be cautious while dealing with the cheaters like him and don't trust anything they say.Get written everything in agreement. Don't Sign without reading.

 Don't be fooled by Shahrukh Khan. Mahagun builder is unethical and will show no mercy to you once you have paid him. The problem is with directors of the company. Mahagun directors Dheeraj Jain & Amit Jain are poorly educated badly behaved brutes in their 40s who don't give a damn about your hard earned money. All Mahagun projects are mired in litigation and have been delayed by 3-5 years. Many of their projects like MyWoods(noida extension) are just stuck with no work going on due to court order.My booking was in project Mahagun Mascot in avalon towers GZB. The building was illegally sanctioned by GDA which on later inspection was cancelled. Court has ordered demolition of the tower. Reluctantly my money is now stuck with Mahagun. I have met Dheeraj Jain and Amit Jain separately on two occasions; they have staunchly refused to return my money.

 I had invested in Mascot in Mahagun around 5 years back, my expectation & fear with the the real estate brand was really high as the prior investment was with BPTP Nahar paar in faridabad, with my limited saving I was stuck in BPTP as it did not start the construction even after 2.5 years had passed.In such a mindspace I gathered my minimal saving & risked it again with Mahagun at Mascot, to my surprise the project allowed me to gain Rs. 1200 square feet from the time of booking to possession, the possession came to us on its own with a understandable delay, (as I had seen the worst :-)The best part was the fact that Mahagun owner Mr. Dhiraj Jain on the day of possession for my Mascot as ai Was struggling with some fund issues to be arranged in the 11th hour he allowed me a grace for 2 weeks which was a great gesture from Mr. Dhiraj Jain.Through this post I intend to make the worked aware that al Real Estate brands are not as bad. I have now reinvested selling my BPTP again in Mahagun Mywoods as my trust on the brand is high.

 Mahagun Mantra offers residential community in a world of peace and tranquility at Sector 10 Noida Extension, and a luxurious lifestyle. Mahagun Mantra Greater Noida has an excellent connectivity to Noida and surroundings areas.Mahagun Mantra Noida Extension offers of 2 and 3 BHK apartments in Sector 10 Greater Noida West with all the modern amenities that are specially designed for you.

 I had booked flat in Avalon towers in Mahagun Mascot project in ghaziabad. building plan was sanctioned initially by corrupt ways. On the basis of sanction I had taken loan from ICICI. Later in 2013 the building has been declared illegal by VC GDA Santosh Yadav.I have met Mr.yadav twice. He says avalon tower is built on the setback of the building that is behind(the tall building in the middle of the project). Mahgun refuses to return my money. Have met the management 6 times in last 1 year. have sent him legal notice in September last year. but no reply. I am seeking legal action against this cheat builder.

