 Have 10 flats in one of their property in Bangalore still I had to run from pillar to post to get my flats registered. Their biggest liability is their customer relationship head or something Mr Roshan Lalwani .Such a horrible experience . Their junior level staffs are very courteous and polite . The problemIs pride work slower then any government project .

 Not good experience after the full payment. They are not co-operative. People like Roshan Lalchandani will behave like bureaucrat. Others have no say as they works their and have to report to him. Even if you try to sale your property they will try to squeeze you and try to earn their respective commission. They behave more like real estate broker that seller. Don't even expect any humanity from them from Abhay Singh to Roshan all are behind your money. Even after years they will not do the basic interior works like fixing the Gas Line or Intercom after several reminder. Bangalore management is worst and they are doing all crimes under the name of Pride Group.

 One of my friend has purchase flat here. Lot of issues in this project1) No municipal water, gas line, Internet, Network coverage.2) Road is damage from D.Y.Patil college to PWC with  No STREET LIGHT3) Still buildings are not ready to leave.4) Builder is giving flat for rent to bachelor.Builder has given possession with lots of work remaining. Still waiting to use single amenities .Very very very poor.

 Click on Pride Pristine Apartments reviews and there are so many negative reviews/comments to be seen. Then when I check the date and most reviews are very old. Hence thought of penning down my experience. I am a resident here from past 1.5 years and to be frank I have not faced any issues which were mentioned in some other reviews.When I was planning to buy an apartment, I was more focused on premium apartment with Value For Money aspect and had checked about 9 different builders around Electronic City. Most apartments had hostel like structure and I was not a fan of those structures mostly because of privacy aspects. But in this apartment, that was not a concern. Also the management staff was very cooperative all through the process. They are very dtrict about financial aspects timelines for payment though. Also they are very accommodating all through the process right from booking to the registration.Once I took the possession, there were some issues with the electrical wiring but were sorted out within a day and after that it was a peaceful affair till date (touch wood). The support staff is very helpful at the site and are always ready to help in case of any inconveniences. Build quality is pretty decent as well. Construction of final set of blocks (D, E, F and G) are in progress and hence dust is a common aspect to be seen. Two club houses are provided (one inside the complex with gym, party hall, carrom, table tennis and billiards table and a membership to Vasundhara layout clubhouse). As in all a fair buy according to me.One irritant is that, any complaint or problem written in complaint book takes ages to be completed. But a word with the support staff fastens the process by miles.

 Worst Builder in pune. No customer service and value. Please don't purchase any property. They don't take care of any customer. Pride Group Spend huge money on marketing, but don't value any customer. Really unhappy with Mr. Arvind Jain. Pride group call them self a reputed builder, but ll customers are unhappy.

 All, be careful while booking an apartment with Pride Group. During the launch of the project they promise almost every thing (like 360 degree view of greenery, 70% openspace, grand entrance, beautiful elevation, kids play area, swimming pool, club, gym, party hall etc) but as the booking gets completed and project progresses, ie. when structures come up and visible, you will start noticing that things they promised are modified (to smaller one) or things are not at all present.When you start searching for the promises, they are present only in brochures, but not in actual legal agreement. Which will restrict you to take any legal action.With My experience I would Suggest NOT to Go WITH PRIDE GROUP PROJECTS.

 We are the residents of  a housing society created by pride Builders. The residents have been facing numerous problems and have tried to bring this to the the notice of the builders on numerous occassions. Unfortunately the builder feels that he has no obligation towards this project any more. Attempts by the managing committee to meet, the CMD of prideBuilders, have been thwarted by his staff, surely on his behest. Over a year has passed and most residents have not been handed their possession certificates. The promised PMC water is a distant mirage. Promised amenities have not been provided. Deterioration of the buildings has already started and the engineers at site turn a deaf ear to the pleas of the hapless residents. This especially from the President of the builders association of pune is shameful.

 Letter to the Chairman:After waiting for a very long time, I thought it is time to bring to your attention about the agony and wait that we as a family have been going through over the last couple of months.We have just lost faith and we had no other choice than attempting to write to you to explain the casual approach of your staff, the arrogance in speech, customer service which has been way below par and more importantly lying about commitments given time and again.My parents, (both Senior citizens) had booked a flat at Pride Springfields, Bangalore and as per the letters being sent to us, the payments were done in utmost faith of having worked with a reputed brand like Pride. Our faith was shattered when we decided to go for the final registration and in the handover of the property.On May15th, we had couriered the final cheques to your Pride office at Bangalore and requested them to have the registration on 20th May. On enquiry with Ms. Saritha and Mr. Ravikumar, we were informed that cheques were presented for clearing and they would need some time as the cheques need to be realised. My parents who stay in Chennai had travelled to Bangalore for the registration but had to stay back.We were assured and promised that we would have the registration on the 27th, which we agreed.When we call Ms. Saritha on the 26th, we got a shock of our life. We were informed that the cheques sent for clearing were not credited and hence the registration cannot happen. There was no initiative from your end to inform us till we had called.We were thoroughly disappointed as my parents had stayed back only for this and had cancelled their tickets the earlier time. We informed Ms. Saritha that we could have given a DD if they had intimated us earlier.Just to have the registration done on the 27th, my parents had to go to the IOB branch at Bangalore, take a DD for the required amount and they had to shell out a considerable amount towards DD charges. Every single penny has been hard earned by them and they being retired government officials felt let down as their pension money which they had saved is being spent for no fault of theirs.What surprised the most again was that, on the day of registration which was on the 27th, Mr. Ravikumar returned back the cheques which we had sent on the 15th. These were the same cheques which was intimated to us as being sent for clearing. We were taken aback as how could cheques sent for clearing be handed over post almost 11 days. Probably, this happens only at Pride.On the day of registration, my parents were promised by Ms. Saritha and Mr. Ravikumar verbally that we would have the possession of the property between 20-30 days from the date of registration. We had expected the possession atleast by the 30th June as promised.As always, when I called Ms. Saritha, we got the answer which was not a rude shock to us. We were told that it would take 45 days and I am not sure on what should our reaction be. Frustrated, agonized, feeling let down, regret the decision on why we booked a property @ Pride, pathetic customer service and what not.When we speak to your service staff and tell them that we would be left with no other option than to escalate to the higher authorities, they just seem to say - go ahead if you want to. We are least bothered about you.We had no other choice than to write to you so that atleast you could empathize with us and understand what we have one through. Not a great experience for sure but looking forward that this plight of ours would be addressed and your staff be educated on how to be customer centric. 
 It is with utmost disgust that I write about this company. In the realty boom, builders make crores but that should not be at the cost of the buyers - salaried people like me who sustain a lot to achieve the milestone of owning a house.Pride Housing is one buyer to be avoided at all costs. Ironically, it is their reputation from their projects in Pune that prompted me to go for their apartment in a single building apartment complex with minimal facilities. I thought of going for the reputation of the builder over glory promises from other builders.From the start I found them tough to deal with - the did not negotiate over the prices(take it or leave it attitude) and they were reluctant over a lot of things that normally other builder are flexible with. But they were responsive and quick to respond. So it kind of evened out. The work was also progressing quickly.But then for some reason, things went haywire. Today the project has dragged past is "promised" date for over 6 months with a definite end not in sight. So what are the problems we are facing -1) Changes to original specs without intimation2) Complete absence of communication - the concerned people refuse to take calls and give vague replies otherwise.3) Senior management is not approachable.4) Gradual degradation of workmanship.5) Extraordinary delays in finishing in-progress activities.6) Lack of transparencyYou know, that apartment by itself is pretty good but the overall approach to the project has pissed all of us off to no end.I could go on - but as a prospective customer this is enough to make you stay away from them. I have lakhs invested here. Best part is I also owe them money but the builder doesnt seem to care to recover it from me at the earliest. It scares me a lot. And I am more scared what happens when I move in and this guy starts shaking off complete ownership. The nightmare is just beginning.

 They are not co-operative. People like Roshan Lalchandani will behave like bureaucrat.The residents have been facing numerous problems and have tried to bring this to the the notice of the builders on numerous occassions.Their biggest liability is their customer relationship head or something Mr Roshan Lalwani.I thought it is time to bring to your attention about the agony and wait that we as a family have been going through over the last couple of months.But the promises they held still remain uncompleted. No Water Tank; No Electricity; No Tar Road; No Park till last month around two years.

 Whenever you think to purchase a new property, you searched for a reputed builder. Same like that we searched a REPUTED BUILDER first when we purchase a property and AFTER DONE WITH ALL PAYMENT they talk very rude and trouble you to make more payment(They added more and more government taxes and try to get more money) Customer Support is worst. Mr. Ravindra Patil talk like a GUNDA and try to threat your property.Mr. Arvind Jain(Managing Director) don't talk with anyone. You can email him, but he doesn't respond. I request all buyers to don't purchase any property from PRIDE BUILDERS

 I had bought a land in 'Pride Valleyview' layout in Nov 2010 in which I have constructed house and currently living. But the promises they held still remain uncompleted. No Water Tank; No Electricity; No Tar Road; No Park till last month around two years.This month they've started - but no quality work: tank leaks, sparse tar with paper thickness, incomplete park, electricity poles with no connection, no street lights. There are six houses with people and two houses under construction but they don't bother our difficulties. We paid 15 lakhs for forest land and no facility.We are the stupid people..

 I am the Victim of this developers , they operate under different name Apna Sapna , Pride expert , Pride Groups and Bangalore developers. All these organization are under the management of Mr.B.R Ravindra.We have booked two plots with this developers in 2006 in their newly formed layout called vasundhara Layout. They have showed as the approved plan , we have decided to go ahead with him.Since we were in the US we thought the builder will fulfill the promises. After we come to India after 2 years, I am shocked to see the status of the layout and their development.They have told we will form an association once we have done with our development. Now even after 3 Years of formation they are refusing to form the association , because of their personal benefit since they are building high rise apartment near by the layout they have slow starting encroching all the common ammenites like club house , Park and Civic amenities.Even if we approach they refuse to take calls and go personally they will threat you with dire consequences.Please stay away from this builders as they are not clean in their transactions, I am sure they are coming with lot of apartments around the same attitude will continue.

 This holds true for the Aparna Projects in Chanda Nagar Vicinity. They are building two Villas and 3 aparttments.So it would be around 3000 to 4000 families staying in this area but now the developer is not able to provide the basics like Manjeera Water.Guyz this is really important issue and think before investing your hard earned money and time of life while buying.This has been the case for 2 years for Bolevard residents and now 1 year for Aparna Hill Park residents.They may comes up with political and official issues as an excuse but don't buy till they give a written commitment on Manjeera Connection and club house usage fairs.Be really careful as Aparna is now leveraging its past reputation rather than creating value for new customers.Worst of them all is Aparna Property Management Service(APMS) who will suck your blood out when you possess the flirt. They will be the owners and they will implement the rules rather than taking your inputs.Take a written communication about them also from Aparna before you buy.This is for now, but be assured, I will keep updating .

 Aparna Construction is very famous construction in Hyderabad. In the month of April, I visited Aparna Construction site near by Komapally with my family members to see some of flats and Villas.They have build their own world. The society covers large area, very neat and clean with almost all basics facilities. The staff is very polite and sweet, they described each and every thing in very clear manner.The villas are also very catchy looks, I liked that but all are same, that thing I do not like much. There is open area in villas, nice interior and plan. Open terrace is also there. Budget is little bit high but if you need all good facilities and safety than this much spending is worth.If having good budget plan than go for Aparna a trusted famous Construction builders, area is Hi tech better than komapally, as komapally is new and outer from the city. I myself will choose Flat rather than villa from aparna.

 We have a flat at Aparna cyber commune. The quality of flat is horrible and looks so dangerous. Every wall is developing cracks, earlier entire floor had seepage issues. They pass on these cracks as mere air cracks. What rubbish!Hyderabad has nominal climate not extreme climate. Within 2 yrs of construction so many issues are coming up in our flat, if we speak to their employees they say all air cracks. Its pure lie, either structural issue or poor paint quality. They think customers are not aware of constructions by other builders and always try to portray as customer friendly company. With 90% home loan we are stuck with this flat and can't help much and can only pray that ceiling and wall stays at one place.Last year during monsoon water was coming through windows and walls. Walls were literally leaking, then these guys did some chemical treatment. However now so many cracks on walls have appeared. they saying because work done on terrace. Is the buildings r so week?Guys its a disaster waiting to happen but these money minded sick people don't seem to bother. May be some accident will provoke them. Hope so!Even gas meter is put at such a height on balcony that one wrong slip and disaster happen. When asked the maintenance guys of Aparna to bring it down, they were asking for money.Even the water flow on bathroom drains was not correct. Our one bathroom still has problem but they did some shabby work and they are in workable condition.My advice don't go for Aparna constructions flats. These cracks will put your mood off completely but these builders are shameless.

 The planning, workmanship and project management were cheerfully efficient. Great care was taken to assure satisfaction, even including an evening carpenter visit for a finishing detail. The whole crew was extremely professional and very courteous. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anybody. They were wonderful. I am extremely pleased with the work that they didTotal experience and professionalism of everyone involved.

 Area insightful they are great yet there are disadvantages with those venture:1.The builder(subramanyam) is extremely inflexible on the off chance that you need to arrange on the price.He has no appreciation to the clients.2.Last year in sep/oct this range got overwhelmed with water when it sprinkled heavily.The water from Miyapur lake(near Talkie town) streams extremely alongside this building and it turned out to be so hard to cross this street either by walk or by vehicle.3.If this proceeds every time then this undertaking is a simple misuse of cash.4.The little street prompting this working from the fundamental street is now intensely swarmed all the time.Imagine if another 180 apartments(ushodaya) come, then this will be a congested street in light of the fact that there is one and only street associating with this venture.These are my exploration focuses on this project.Now its your choice in the event that you need to proceed with this task.

 Cheater No 1 in Hyderabad = Aparna BuildersOnce you pay the money and then deal Madhusudan. He is the person who will deal after you pay the money. and you will feel like you servant to him. Not at all concerned for customer complaints. Very stubborn, no respect to customerThink many times before buying in Aparna.

 I would like to buy a 3 BHK flat. What is the price going on there in lake breeze? I am confused whether to buy a new flat in Aparna Hillpark Lake Breeze or resale flat in Aparna Hillpark Avenues? Please guide me.I found some good flat in Aparna Hillpark Avenues also at a very reasonable and discounted rate compare to Lake Breeze. Also in Aparna Hillpark Avenue flat is fully furnished, whereas in lake breeze I have to spend extra for the furniture.Please fill free to contact me at hai_vishal@yahoo.combest regards,Vishal 
 Watch out when you are dealing with Sarovar maintenance.Simple they don't respond.If they do they dont come.If they come they dont know.If thy know thy never come back.If thy come back thy dont respond...some vicious cycle.Flats are amazing but maintenance team is bad.1.Plumbing problem your roof leaks..paint spoilt.2.Sinks are stuck.Problem keeps re-occuring.3.Main door lock damaged twice.Bad quality given. Once lock didn't open no one was there to help us also.4.No signal of ur mobiles anywhere in the flat...and no TV signal.5.Intercom not set yet.People dont do 1 thing in 1 time.They keep makign 10 visits.11th time thy do but things are not perfect.So many just make sure you guys choose a better maintenance team.....and keep ur demands perfect.Club house amazing superb quality, recently opened..lets c how they maintain it.I recommend only if you are ready to take the burden.But its painful for us initiallyThanks

 I live in Aparna Sarovar and it is the best decision I have taken ever. I thoroughly enjoy my stay here with my family. Initially they were a couple of things that needed to be fixed, and one phone call to maintenance team did it! They came within the stipulated time and fixed everything that we wanted.Appreciate the property management team for their patience and immediate response for my one phone call to them. They literally proved that they are just a phone call away!

 Aparna constructions is the best deal for the flats, and housing buyers,because, I observed in there construction activities are best of others, bestin materials used, best in planning, best in workmanship, .They help for bank loans, They provide instalment facilities too for the convenience of the client.  However the pricesthey offer is high. depending upon the location, amenities and facilities providedby other construction firms. I suggest Aparna constructions is a good deal forthe new comers of other states and also the proper hyderabad people.

 Here I want to share my story with Aparna Lake breez apartment. I have already booked a flat in Lake breez around a six month ago. That time I have been promised by many people that block wherein my flat is located will be completed by April -15.This statement has been repeated many times by many people in Lake Breez office. But just before registration they denied that they never committed for April-15 and handover will start from Jun 30 till 31 Dec - 15. I felt so bad about this. I understand there is delay in project but, do not play this false game of make customer wrong.I would suggest exchange all communication in writing(mails) then go for deal.

 To the contrary of general belief that builders are not so nice people, Aparna is a little different. People other than the sales people are nice as well. Like everywhere else give and take and little patience goes a long way with these guys.Yep there will be problems, due to poor coordination between project teams (Plumbing, electrical, flooring etc. they tend to not gel well..) but they would take care of all complaints.They replaced 20-25 tiles in my house (Seepage due to a cracked joint in bathroom fitting, some tiles had acid marks on them), without me having to push. Silicon paste, granite adhesive, grouting etc. need to be checked by the owner before hand over and they will promptly fix them.They are very reluctant on customization. You need to push for it real hard. Layout of project is not done professionally, like it if you like it, otherwise cant help it.

 I had purchased a flat at Aparna Oosmans Everest.  Worst Management.  Delayed delivery.  Too expensive and not worth of buying.Their AGM was an argent person.  Don't even care and address a customer properly.  Handover letter was issued to me.  I planned my house warming ceremony one month after issuance of handover letter.  Aparna was not willing to give water and drinage facility for gruhapravesh and their AGM Venkat Subbaiah informed me to use labours toilets and use utility area for nature call.I don't recommend to buy flat with Aparna

 Aparna a reputed builder in Hyderabad, has put a faulty glass balcony in Aparna HillparkAvenues, Chandanagar, Hyderabad. There was 2 incidents where glass balcony glass has broken and fall down from the building. When discuss this issue with Aparna people, they are running away and not taking an accountability and responsibility of this faulty design which they have marketed when they were trying to sell flats at Aparna Hillpark Avenues.Now they are trying to replace glass balcony with Iron Grills, saying that we see a security risk. When we had a discussion with Aparna peoples, they are not ready to accept this blunder.Irony and Hypocrisy is.We have club house surrounded with glass balcony, and everyday more residents walks around, when we ask question what they would do for club house glass balcony and other surrounding glasses, they have given a very weird and bizarre answer, these glass balcony are different then the flat one and will not fall down.They have all the other ventures and all the clubhouses with glass balcony there they don't see any security risk.Just for saving some bucks they are trying to get away with easy option.Just for saving some bucks they are trying to get away with easy option.

 There are few things you will like about Aparna Constructions. However, there are so many not-so-glaring problems dealing with Aparna once you get possession of you house that you will bang your head as to why you choose an Aparna apartment.Go to any Aparna community and ask anyone on the quality of construction and the fittings - right from faulty kitchen sinks to seeping leakages. Even your windows just fall off due to faulty fittings - this was accepted by even the maintenance vendors.Other Aparna communities too have hundreds of issues which come to light only after sales formalities are done - hope you got the hint.

 We purchased a flat at Aparna Cyber Commune as we thought it was one of the best properties available .After moving in, to our horror, we found cracks in our apartment everywhere.Aparna did some cosmetic fixing. But the cracks are recurring again and again. It is not like all the flats have this problem. If you plan to purchase a flat here please look thoroughly for cracks.

 They don't have any respect or courtesy towards customer. standards are not upto the mark.don't go for project under construction. 

 Critical thing to address while in discussion\negotiations - before paying even a rupee: They increment the cost/sq.feet by Rs.100 each couple of months. Presently all banks aside from SBI will handle the advances at this expanded cost, without inquiries. You ought to ask them: a. In the event that SBI would handle along these same lines. b. They will say "yes sir. 100% beyond any doubt". At that point you ought to as them when was the last time they have sent their cost to SBI for evaluation?* It is imperative point to get illuminated, to maintain a strategic distance from a major stunner from SBI, which will come as a'reduced advance' in view of the above issue.

 I currently live here and have since Feb . WORST DECISION EVER. The apartments are nice and prices are too high to those in the area, but we had SO MANY things needing to be fixed upon moving in and the maintenance staff is horrible. They never show up and when they do they don't fix what needs to be fixed. Our sink unit has been broken since 2 months and we called multiple times to have it fixed.We are now in the process of contacting the property management's corporate office and are waiting for a phone call back is very UN-professional

 Never go for any Aparna project. The finishing is absolutely bad as there are lot of teething problems. They just use subcontractors to finish up work and once completed, after handover, when problems come up, the construction agency tends to pass the buck to maintenance while maintenance tendsto blame the construction agency. Moreover with every Aparna housing complex several entities will come up as a package deal and none of them lives upto expectation - 1) APMS or the maintenance arm. You'll have to do a lot of follow up to resolve complaint. 2) Sritel or the telecom service provider. Their telephone services remain out of order most of the time and installation also takes a lot of time and follow up.Some of the personal problems faced - 1) air cracks on most walls, sometimes very severe and ugly looking 2) frames of bathroom doors coming out 2) cracks in pipes 4) tiles not fitted properly and water logging problem in bathrooms 5) keys not available for utility doors 6) major problem - water seepage and leakage from bathroom to the room 7) electrical points and back up points arbitrarily assignedPlease be very careful before buying any property from Aparna Constructions. We've learnt it the hard way.

 Aparna is very well known builder in South India. It's one of the premire builders in Hyderabad. I have seen many of Aparna's projects here, Lake view, Kanopy, Tulip, Hill view to name as few. And beleive me, they have build their own world, away from the hazzles of city traffic, in a peaceful environment. amazing. I liked the plans and construction.Couple of my friends have purchased flats with Aparna. their construction is so robust, they provide all basic amenities, and all facilities. cost is on higher side, but with the facilities and security they are providing, it's worth it. Must visit their site or check their projects online in case you are going for buying a property in Hyderabad.

 Hi allI had bought a flat in Aparna Cyberzon which was under construction at that time around 2.5 years ago.We were promised delivery by June 2015 which got delayed to Dec 2015 and now they have delayed it to June 2016They have now lost trust in the market as reliable builders who deliver on Time.I have already spread this to my friends in the office.Shame on Aparna Constructions for deceiving us., They are now giving reasons of Labour issues and people not paying on time.Where were they till now.Why was this not informed to us beforeRequest you all to be wary of Aparna Construction.People who have already bought in their under construction units should ask for a meeting with Higher Management every 4 Months and discuss the status otherwise in the end they will cheat you too

 I live in Aparna Sarovar and it is the best choice I have taken ever. I completely make the most of my stay here with my crew. At first they were a few things that should have been be altered, and one telephone call to support group did it!They went inside the stipulated time and altered everything that we needed. Welcome the property administration group for their understanding and prompt reaction for my one telephone call to them. They lite

 Important thing to question while in discussion\negotiations - before paying even a rupee:They increase the price/sq.feet by Rs.100 every couple of months.Now all banks except SBI will process the loans at this increased price, without queries.You should ask them:a. If SBI would process at this rate.b. They will say "yes sir. 100% sure". Then you should as them when was the last time they have sent their price to SBI for evaluation?*It is important point to get clarified, to avoid a big shocker from SBI, which will come as a'reduced loan' just because of the above issue.

 Aparna the name itself gives a sense of happy, versatile and a responsible household name. I have been staying with of their land marking project in Nallagandla Hyderabad, after returning back from abroad as a tenant. I was reviewing other couple of similar housing society before narrowing down to Cyber Commune. I found it comfortable, hassle free and nice surroundings with the amenities I was looking for at that moment.After a year long stay in commune, I provoked(rather convinced myself) to buy a unit in their next project which was under construction in 2014 - Cyber ZON. What found best to deal with their Sales and Management team.very much cooperativeFlexible on payment optionProvided immediate assistance while I wanted to compare LoansNice gesture of front office staffs, each and every time I had visitedNever /ever blocked / refused site visit, every moment they have been sending a person to accompanyWhile handover, their customer relationship person did a thorough scrutiny of the unit and got them repaired. Many items I had over looked, missed even though I had a well researched checklist.I have had other builder experience in Hyderabad, but I found Aparna is very decent and professional. They are on-time, prompt is response. I specifically wanted to write very positively here, because of their gesture and professional handling which made me to ignore small / small lasses.Because end of day, I got the service which I wanted. And, this review is based on my personal experience and when I compared it with my previous experience with other builders. While I agree some might have different opinions which I respect and I wish Aparna Management will definitely look into it and  resolve with satisfaction.

 I have bought couple of properties from Aparna and I have not regretted any of my decisions so far. I always a take time to decide to purchase a home with multiple site visits with family, friends or colleagues. The Customer Service Team was very patient with my innumerable visits and were very professional.They provided the best service and took interest in spite of my numerous visits to finalize the deal. It is no wonder that I bought more than one property at Aparna.

