 It's a great deal and a great place to invest delivery in 18 months thanks to omaxe 2 and 3 b/r apartments at rocking 1950 per sq.feet inaugural price low rise apartment its a steal deal in the city of tomorrow. It's a great option great deal.

 Booked a place in Connaught place and paid 2.2 lacs but so far no response from there side. It has been more than 4 years neither they are returning the money nor giving the space.Tried to contact them for two years but no response finally Moved in consumer court case going on .Big builder poor show.

 We had booked a flat with Omaxe builder in pre launch in 2005 in their Palm Green project . At that time it was communicated the launch would happen in 6 months time. After an endless wait, the project was finally launched in 2009 after 4 years. All this whenver we called omaxe, they kept telling us that the launch would happen soon. All our requests for pulling out were turned down.In march 2010 we came to know that the project which was being constructed was totally different from what was proposed at the time of booking and signing the agreement. I have sent around 100 emails and phone calls to Omaxe, but they just ignore our communication and do not have an answer for the changes to the project.The following were the changes to the project.The project size which was shown at the time of booking was 50 acre which is now reduced to only 23 acre. In the original layout plan, there were 35 towers in 50 acre project while there are 28 towers in 23 acre. So originally open area ration (0.7Tower/Acre) was reduces to (1.2 tower/Acre).The following features were shown at the time of booking but removed later without informing the customers Lake Garden Lake side restaurant Amphitheater ServiceMusical FountainTennis CourtsBadminton CourtPedestrian PlazaClock TowerEntry PlazaSo what was initially a luxury apartment was reduced to value/budget homes but consumers still paid the price of luxury apartment. We filed an RTI and came to know that out of the 50 acres that Omaxe had aquired for this project, the 27 acres were surrendered in 2008. Still after surrendering the land, Omaxe made us sign agreements about the project and the area of project specified was 50 acres. This is sheer daylight robbery.Their customer service is very frustrating. One of their customer service lady called Nandita, got heated up after I demanded an answer and she said "F*ck off" and kept the phone.I would advise everybody to be careful of buying anything with Omaxe. It is 2011 and 6 years since we booked and there is hardly 20 % work done on the project. All our requests for refund are ignored and on top of it the customer service guys dont talk to us. We are very soon planning a media clip on Omaxe where several of the customers who are in the trap will air their opinions.Anybody here, can you suggest what can be done to put pressure on them to refund the money.

 I was searching for property space to have profitable investment. I considered wise to go for online search. Later on, my friend suggest me to contact NetAmbit and ensure me that I would get fair deal with property investment.I got contacted to NetAmbit and representative from this real estate agency called me and make me visit to site as well. He provide me details for realty investment suits to me and make feasible to get possession.

