Palm Gardens Gurgaon 3, 5 Bhk Residential residences on Sector 83 with sensible Investment in sensible location. It touch 8 Acres with mini golf links, edifice with fashionable amenities, business establishment and Bowling Alley, athletic facility with Splash Pool, three klick cardiopulmonary exercise Track. Check Brochure. palmgardens.in/ Features 3 options of floor plans of 3-Bedroom with Lounge and S. Room Efficient floor plans with well-planned spaces Grand Master Bedroom with lavish Bathroom Large Kitchen with ample counter space Spacious Balconies for relaxed Sit-outs Independent entry for S. Room giving residents privacy and a sense of security Central Greens spread over almost 8 Acres with 1.5 Acre Mini Golf Course Clubhouse with modern amenities, Health Club and Bowling Alley Swimming Pool with Splash Pool 3 Km Jogging Track Evenly spread recreational zones across the development with Tennis, Badminton and Basketball courts Single level Basement Parking Interconnected landscaped theme gardens and courts with aesthetically designed water bodiee Formal and informal gardens Dedicated play-areas for children

I have purchased a house in sec -85, gurgaon through an agent.We signed an application form and paid an advance money. They allotted me a house over there. I feel that the money charged by them is worthwhile.I have been living in greater noida before that, I have never ever have given it a thought that life can be so convenient. My family is happy, my wife too adores me for having home here. Every weekend we go for shopping, as malls are nearby and enough space and smooth roads for me to drive. Moreover the metro connectivity make me feels that my dream has come true.

Its been more than four years I ve bought flat with them and paid more than 95%. No clarification on the current scenario and each coming week we get to hear a new wordings from the management. They working on a disputed land. Case on their land since last 2 years but never ever tried to inform us. They are also asking for 150 rs per sqft electricity installation charges which during BBA sign-off duration they mentioned that electricity and maintenance are included.

I bought flat from Orris in 2010. I kept on doing all payments on time. Now only on possession payment is left. In between whenever I tried to visit the flat, I was not allowed to visit the apartment. I was told that during construction we don't allow visitors. Now when its done I visited the flat and what I observed was that flat is completely different, from the one I bought. It has completely different floor plan. Now, since I am common man, I have no idea what to do but I feel completely cheated. I don't know even if I move to court, will I get justice or not. But this is sure that I am completely screwed up due to this cheater builder.

Real face of this thug builder emerged finally. They took 95% of money 1.5 years back and not not giving possession. infact they are asking for 150 rs per sqft electricity installation charges, which comes to 2-4 L per flat. orris is not giving delay penalty to buyers and there management is absconding from every meeting. Beware of this builder! Read complete story at indianrealestateforum.com/real-estate-gurgaon/t-cheating-irregularities-orris-infrastructure-buyers-all-projects-unite-82792-page15.html timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/gurgaon/Homebuyers-protest-delay-unfair-charges/articleshow/45084946.cms Join facebook page of buyers who are cheated by builder facebook.com/pages/Victims-Of-Orris-Infrastructure/639966102778743?ref=ts&fref=ts -end- /again updating rating on 13 Jul 2013 after visiting site and looking at excellent construction quality and tiles and paint job/ /updating rating after 2.5 yrs see comment for reasons/ I was looking for ready to move options in Gurgaon last year. after searching for a month no dealer was able to get confirm deals for 2 bhk units in Valley view and sect 56 and palam vihar area. some of them had units didnt matched my choice of floor and directions. then I decided to go for under construction or fresh booking. I searched for options on sohna road. I liked tulip orange 3 bhk units floor plans but no dealer was able to find confirm deals even at 3300-3400 per sq ft rates(2010 Jul-Aug). I also got offer for a 3bhk 3rd floor unit in DLF express greens at manesar. though basic price was 2600 but multiple PLCs of 400 Rs each and expensive parking lead to high total cost. then I hunted for properties on NH8. while roaming in sect 82 I came across Orris Aster. initially broker insisted me to go for a resale unit at 2500 bsp. but I said no that time. then next day I got a nice deal  at Rs 2397 per sq ft(after discount)+100 Rs plc for greens for 4th floor unit in fresh booking(Aug 2010). I liked the floor plan, I bought 3bhk+sq unit which is on1550 sqft area.(see photo)
I paid booking amount in right then and was happy to know excavation got started in Nov 2010. till date construction is going well and  84m wide road is also being constructed from NH8 towards sect 82 and  sect 85. distance from NH8 would be about 1.5-2 km once this road is completed Right in mid of new Gurgaon this project will be one of the prime locations. I wont talk about metro, ISBT stuff become there is no confirmed plan from govt bodies. its just in plans that all builders show to customers. orris has taken 40% payment till date for commencement of construction. usually builders take only 30% payment by this stage. I have been on construction site and got to know the steel and cement are being provided by Orris to contractors. so builder has direct control on quality. I hope all goes well n we get flats on time current bsp is about 3400 Rs per sqft(as on May 2011) for standard specs and 3850 for delux specs.
