 I am a satisfied customer of Panchsheel Group. The Wellington project at the crossing republic is well designed and the amenities and locations are satisfactory. We have received what was promised to us. The only suggestion that I would like to give is that, kindly read the documents very carefully so that you do not feel cheated.

 Owner of Panchsheel buildtech is Ashok chaudhary & Anuj Chaudhary both are cheaters and take 25000 rupees at time of registry and not pay you the penalty of late possession.Also take penalty from you for late disbursement of loan and not consider the booking form copy at time possession & revise rate and said we will cancel the flat. there behavior ls like gundas. As you know Jaats.And staff is also bad .

 Hi,I have booked flat in Panchsheel Greens in Dec' 2013 as of now struggling for possession.During enquiry they will promise lot but once you place booking advance they will stop listening you. Most of the time no one will be pick-up your call, if pickup call direct to you someone else, where you will not get answer/ status for your query. They will only give you call at the time of demand due. if you fail to pay demand on time they will charge you interest but they not pay you anything for possession/ delivery delays from their end.Visited my under construction flat and it's very sad to write here that construction quality is very poor. If anyone buy flat then after getting possession they have to rework again it's sure and cost would be around 10% of your flat cost. You can think how cheap they are by giving you cracked tiles in your floor, off white tiles are joint with black cement instead of white cement, plumbing fittings are not working in some flats, wall masionary finishing is very bad even cracked and broken at wall edges.If you try to complain their site manager will say it's their standard construction and they can't change. If you try to speak someone senior, they have hired some GOONS, Panchsheel Buildtech call them General Mangers. I have met one of the such GM Mr. Prakash Jha. Basically he doesn't have answers for your queries and try to scare you with his facial expression.I have lot to write about them because it's one of my life's mistake.So, take your decisions with proper research & documentations alongwith consideration of feedback on various sites about builder.

 I made a mistake of buying a flat in Panchsheel buildtech. I booked my flat in 2011 and in 2012 they asked me to pay more than Rs 7 lacs in 30 days threatening cancellation of my unit.In Panchsheel Hynish they are building as many as 1300 flats in a small area of 7.5 acres. The possession was promised in Feb 2015, however, even the external plaster has not been done till now. The builder has not paid the penalty charges as per the Builder Buyer Agreement. When I called Panchsheel, a person named Manu Dev Sharma said that Panchsheel will not give any penalty. He was also rude, arrogant and argumentative and said, "nahin Denge Charges", "Aap mujhe nahin bata sakte ki kya karna hai".Panchsheel hires these rude and foul-mouthed people as Customer Care Executives so that customers do not call them to claim their rights.Buy a Panchsheel flat only if you are ready to deal with their Rude Staff and painstakingly slow construction.

 Panchsheel buildtech pvt.ltd cheats people in every possible way.My neighbor had booked a 3 bhk flat before 5 months ago and at the time of agreement they promised to give them possession after 5 months.at the time of booking flats they told them that your front side will be open always means that we will never built here Another building but now they have Started builting another tower in front of their flat.they have just booked that flat for open sunlight.when he goes to ask his possession they are delaying everytime.He has already paid 85% installments.

 Hi ALL,Panchsheel Pinnacle that is supposedly on Shahberi Village Land - earlier High Court has cancelled this Land.Now surprisingly that same area is offered as New Project- Panchsheel Pinnacle. So "How this is possible?".So.BEWARE of Investing in this Project.AND for Panchsheel Greens POOR customers.who are already been cheated by Panchsheel in the name of Extra payment to the Farmer compensation, Delayed Development.This New project construction without leaving no space for Tower F4.is the Height of corruption and malpractice by builder and Noida authority.

 Please provide the negative and positives for Panchsheel Pratishtha. I liked the construction quality and the area of this project in Sec-75; there is a quite good open space available.The sec-75 itself has good open areas; I have no idea how this project will come up actually; Is there any demand for this project;How is the maintenance offered by this builder after delivering the project; When this project was launched; Please suggest whether it is good to book a flat here.

 I have booked flat in panchsheel green 2 in E4 tower  in May 2015 and has paid 30% amount  but construction is not yet started, So it is bad experience for me, so I do not recommend it to anyone.They are not yet clear till when they are going to start their project . Everytime if you ask about the start of the project they will say next month we are going to start the project .

 I have unit with Panchsheel in crossing republic. Finally, I got the possession and now I am happy customer of Panchsheel. I recommend to everyone at least go through all the points in the sale deed document so that u don't have any confusion. I have purchased in lower price 2 and half year before now market price is very high so for investment purpose its very good project.

 Very Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapyVery Bad Quality and Late work.not haapy

 I am taking this time to put in a brief feedback about Panchsheel group so that other people arent fooled (like me) with the promoters tall claims. We have purchased a property in Wellinton and here are few points I would like to share1- They changed the lay-out of the whole plan of property after selling first 2 phases of it.2- They took more than 4yrs to get the property ready3- Finally when property got ready, they mentioned that they wont pay us penalty for delays in property. We can do whatever we want to do. Their internal folks mentioned that they have some lawyers appointed to take care of these complaints.4- After we have made all the remaining amount of property value, builder mentioned till we dont get it registered (through their lawyer) they wont hand-over the property to us.5- They asked for 15000/- which we had to give to them to get it registered, they mentioned that they wont let the property registered if we go through some other lawyer.6- We are being told that from next year they will start charging us 2100/- maintainance charges irrestpective of whole property is ready or not.Please do not go for purchase with this builder, I am not asking you to blindly trust my comments. Please reach out to few people who have invested in Panchsheel and ask for feedback. You will come to know what are they and why I am asking to avoid them.I didnt find any notes or feedback when I was purchasing the flat, but now I am putting this comment here so that others get benefit from mistake I did.

 Above comments seems to builder comment, because I am sure that not a single customer is satisfied with there quality, special brick work, and plaster, in Green one project plaster can be removed by finger and wall can be fall down by kick, and when customers complaint to builder, instead of fixing the quality builder just stop customer site visits.They proved that they did not wants to grow they just wants to make money, other wise adding a few bags of cement to improve quality should not be a big issue, but they continue the same bad quality, and just stopped people site visits. I will not recommend this builder to dream first home. I am not sure how much money they saved by limiting the cement in brick work and plaster, even if they ask some extra money for cement from buyers, we sure give them for our dream homes, but they deliver poor quality home to all the buyers, and they only lose their future customers, and just make their name bad in market, I was also thinking to buy one extra flat in green one, but looking at bad quality I decided to go cherry county .I feel very bad for Panchsheel management for their poor future planing and growth planing.less

 They are making good homes. They started their journey at earlier stage. They are gud at plan. Structural services good material good .Plan good stulructure good behaviour good quality check point awesome .office clean and green green building and glass work good

 Extremely bad experience in dealing with Panchsheel.I had booked a shop in Panchsheel Square at crossings. I have got the shop registered in my name. I even have a no dues certificate and physical possession of the shop but I am constantly requesting for issuing a Possession letter for more than 4 months. Same is already typed and is lying in the directors cabin for signature. Director either is unconcerned or his people do not report.Very bad customer experience dealing with these people. Extremely rude and uncurious.  I am not asking for a favour but dealing with them is worst than dealing a third grade government office.

 Very appropriately said even I also faced the same problem. The staff there is very problematic and illetrate  Very Bad Quality and Late work.not haapy  Extremely bad experience in dealing with Panchsheel. I had booked a shop in Panchsheel Square at crossings. I have got the shop registered in my name.   at the time off booking agent assured me of discount of 50k, but just after making 10% payment, those agents stopped picking up the calls, latter on I got to know that they were from third party.and as commitments were not documented so no discount.earlier High Court has cancelled this Land. Now surprisingly that same area is offered as New Project- Panchsheel Pinnacle. So "How this is possible

 I am one of the unfortunate buyer in Panchsheel willington, the builder has consider all his right to look into contract if he has to charge but if he has to pay you back, they don't know you. Even I have found their staff also behave like goons.And if you want to meet the owner of Panchsheel than better you ask to meet God may be God will be available to you to meet, but not the top brass of Panchsheel. I suggest to avoid dealing with Panchsheel, they will make your life hell.

