 Parsvnath have successfully raised the standards for the industry as is evident from their pioneering achievement of being the first Real Estate Company to have been awarded with NAREDCO - ICRA DR 2 - Rating, ISO 9001, 14001 & OHSAS 18001 Certification.Parsvnath Developers, a major real estate player in the country, has revealed its plans to raise $35 million through private placements of shares.The company is planning to raise $35 million through qualified institutional placements (QIP) route, which was launched last week.

 I booked My 2 BHK Flat with Parsvnath Paramount at Subash Nagar near Rajouri Garden. They have given us all amenities. Shopping centre, school, clinic, tight security frameworks & other general stores near to apartments.They have fulfilled their commitment to build the better world. I had always dreamt of a home like this. The rooms are quite spacious. This whole infrastructure is very nice. These are luxurious flats available at a very reasonable price.

 Don't buy any property from Parsvnath developers. They are the biggest defaulters. Launched many projects in between 2006-08 but didn't complete any of the project till date. In fact they stopped working on all projects from mid 2008. People have to fight case against them in consumer courts which again takes 5+ years for judgement. Even after the judgement against them of return the money with some low interest rates . These shameless ppl didn't return the money. For getting the money back one has to again go to court for execution petition. Even then they pay in instalments.

 Two years ago, I was looking for a two bedroom appartment in noida. Parsvnath Prestige as a choice impressed me very much at that time. Two years hence I regret the decision very much and would advice against any one else contemplating buying from a flat from these builders, who don't maintain the bare minimum quality of construction and provide nearly zero maintenance through their sister concern.The problems areSeepage, water water everywhere causing whatever damage it can. The plumbing in the house is very poor. The dampness caused by gradually eats away the paint and the plastering. The maintenance support tried retouching it once in my appartment. Twice or thrice in that people with more pushing strength, but the seepage always returns. The seepage is severe in the external walls because of the goof up parsvnath made by covering the main drain pipes in cement superstructure. This seepage gives the ugliest possible view from the balconies.Electrical wiring is so bad that 15A points for A/C geyser have not been connected at all. It took two weeks of presuation to bring the support guys and get them fixed. There are still many points that are either exposed or not connected.maintenance. Two months ago, the sewage pipe from the toilet in our block broke down. Faeces were floating around in the backyard of the ground floor house in our block. After a month of persuation the pipe was repaired but the sewage tank still remains open. Everyday reminder also has not worked till now.Security, the guards were the worst kind we can ever get. After a string of robbery and looting, stricker guidelines have been enforced, they had been better for the past one month. Only time will tell if they will continue to be so.The soft water treatment plant has not been operational for the past 10 months. Beware you can be easily fooled if you are visiting only once or twice before buying the house. Halogen lamps have been known to be used to suck out the dampness, seepage related problems will be touched-up and you will be easily cheated out of your money with POP cieling and fancy fittings.On the plus sides1.The club house with its facilities, which is neatly maintained. Sadly the club house also has seepage problems.The pipelined gas service is good and uninterrupted.The power back-up is goodGreenery inside the complex is very goodLift facilities border between mediocre and good

 Parsvnath is a company whose business philosophy lies in the commitment to creating architectural marvels using state-of-the-art technology and global architectural, construction and business practices. We are passionate about providing cost-effective and holistic solutions for our customers while creating and adding value for our partners and stakeholders.Our unwavering focus on these factors catapulted Parsvnath Developers Limited into the top echelons of the Indian Real Estate and Construction Industry in 2007.

National Consumer Commission has given a judgement that the home buyer in the project of'Parsvnath Palacia' and'Parsvnath Privilege' need to be compensate by Parsvnath because of delay in construction work.You can read the whole article in: propertyclubindia.com/t/delay-in-project-buyer-entitled-to-claim-refund-and-compensation/755
 I have shifted to delhi last week. I am living in my new home. I got this home by Parsvnath builders. They have a lot of resential projects in places like agra, delhi, noida, gurgaon, lucknow, moradabad, panipat, pune, sonipat. I have purchased a flat of 3bhk .The prices of this flat is matching to its quality.I am living with my family so first I ensured about the security. The place where I live has CCTV cameras installed. After shifting to this new flat I have no parking issues. My children are happy because of the park areas around our flat. Overall it is nice experience at my home.

 Company plans to develop a new generation world class Green-Building commercial complex in the heart of the city with eco-friendly and energy saving design. The commercial project will offer the spaces for numerous shops and offices with 1.3 lakh sq. ft. of leasable space at a cost of Rs 400-450 per sq ft, where any business can flourish to the uppermost standards.

 Parsvnath developers are the best of the best from other builders.the projects they delivered were within the time line.I am very impressed with Parsvnath Developers because of the surroundings they used to build apartment.The team is really high standard.they provide full customer satisfaction.The infrastructure, security, parking facilities are awesome.I am happy with our new home.We have tried various houses but the facilities we got from here are very good.I recommend everyone to go with it for sure.

 Its been almost 14 years that we are in Delhi. Own house is the topmost need of every person. I have three children. I admitted my kids in English medium school since starting. Because I always had an aim to give good education to my children. Due to such reasons I was not able to invest money for buying property. I am only earning in my family. But some days back my wife and my elder daughter insisted me so much to go for own home. Paying a good amount of rent is a huge loss.They gave me courage to take a first step. I started looking for house and met many builders and asked them to suggest me flats within my budget. Almost one month passed this way only in meeting different- different builders. Then finally I had been to Parsvnath Developers Mohan Nagar Gzb. At the first sight, I prepared my mind to go for it only. The way they treated and explained me everything was outstanding. I got impressed by their behavior as well as by the flat. On the next day I went there with my wife and we booked a flat. Buying property is not an easy task. But Parsvnath team made it easy for me. And I am happy with my decision.

 Parsvnath developers are one of the greatest builders after DLF who delivers the project with the premium quality and luxurious apartments.But from few years back Parsvnath has so many projects and not delivered. They have many of the projects under constructions and not yet I seen delivered and Hassle free real estate services for houses, apartments, flats and offices provided by real owners without brokerage .!

 I am extremely excited to own a house with this developer. Also this is the first time I am buying a house. I first searched over internet about real estate developers and then I personally visited some sites to find what suits me. Frankly speaking I was really confused and had a tough time to search for my dream home. The I spoke to my friends, family and everyone.Then I got to know about builders that are cheating others. After that I was really scared to being duped by any builder so I was unable to take any decision. Then after some months of research I found no problem with Parsvnath builders and I decided to go with this builder. Today I am happy from my decision.

 I feel so fortunate to have found Parsvnath developers when I moved to north India. As a builder and developer, I could settle myself in right house in the right neighborhood for the right price.I and my family were in search of homes over several months and we were too conscious for not investing in unreasonable offers and we came across too many over priced homes till we met Parsvnath developers.the most salient feature that I felt with the builder is they gave me too many options which is convenient for me to invest into their projects across Noida & Delhi region.The builders always made my investment worth by offering me the flat in Noida which was at my ease for commutation to my work place also.In short, Parsvnath developers always helped me to make my house purchase as simple and successful as possible. I would always recommend Parsvnath developers to anyone who is in search of proper investment.

The spirit of a burgeoning life, 'Parsvnath New World Residential Project Delhi' is full of that fascinating charm which enthralls you. When you do fair dealing with your richly deserved money by investing in Parsvnath New World residential property Delhi so that you lock your better-future. Parsvnath Group has kept in mind of the incredible engineering extravaganzas coming up in vicinity, so that investors as well as end-users are not left behind in any facet of profit as well as expansion. Parsvnath New World in resale is an absolute cocoon of serenity.Live in elite comforts, Residential Apartments Delhi in the course of exciting greens, offering gorgeous panoramic view of the neighboring greens. Get pleasure from a life nestled in profuse well-appointed amenities, contemporary design with spacious layout, round the clock safety measures to make certain your absolute tranquility of mind. Backdrop with greens and speckled with water-features, fountains, parks, play areas and jogging trails. Imagine a stroll in the composed environment, reflect in the woods and feel the wits, body and soul becoming one. Over the past years Parsvnath Builders have dedicated in dealing with the Real Estate and to keep happy the customers at the most favorable level. Parsvnath Developers Pvt. Ltd now focuses on the consideration upon implementing the conception of elementary strategic designs to maintain the goodwill of the company.The landscaping plays jingle with the design of Parsvnath new residential project New World Delhi, providing a broad range of opportunities to the inhabitants to intermingle, yet respecting the advanced points of local enriching background. Also, Parsvnath New World Delhi Residential Property well-ventilated homes ensure the gentle wind to play through. Not just that, there are spacious balconies to sip that sweet cup of tea as you marvel at the sunset on the horizon. It's this most advantageous exploitation of space evenhanded with nature that creates a synchronization of opulence and calm living.Come home to replenish, revitalize, invigorate and reinstate. The natural splendor is at its novel best with no preservatives. Parsvnath New World residential apartments Delhi makes you feel like you are living on seventh heaven. An isle of tranquil, Parsvnath New World Luxury Apartments Delhi where you can live and do things at your own rate of knots. A confirmation of your economic growth on the very step of your investment in Parsvnath New World in resale Delhi. If this is somewhere your heart is, then shouldn't your house be here too?For any further details about Parsvnath New World in Delhi: +91 9811 007  parsvnathnewprojects.net/newworldindelhi.htm
 I was looking for flats in medium budget for the last three year. so I sorted few renowned builders and started my search. I went to place such as ghaziabad, noida, greater noida and kundli. and I came across flats which were under construction of Parsvnath near Sahibabad and Kundli. I was shocked to see the very high pricing and lazy construction. to verify and check for development I went thrice and could not see any noticeable development after which I dropped to buy flat from parsvnath. please check there individual project before investing.Few projects are under rapid growth due to high profit in that area others are just under construction for no reasonable reason for delays and investor money is trapped .

