 I have visited my flat for the first time after booking and the project is already in shambles with the roads in morpheushumanrrible state, the smorpheushumanpping mall work stalled, the project delayed beyond limits and on top of that the customer service representatives not replying to mails.Is there a way we can all file a case against the builder.

 I could also have preferred collecting rewards from PRIL at least in this way (by writing sweet msg about Neotown). But I preferred not to go for that easy money like Pate Realty is making by looting we customers. Because they are not giving us even half of the value of our money paid for the flat (what we paid even 2-3 years back). Such a damn sit quality of delivery they did.... SHAME to PATEL REALTY for NEOTOWN.I am feeling guilty now, by being in their initial sales/marketing traps... and what not they did to sale their flats. And it was not like they charged less initially while they launched, they were changing almost same rate 2-3 years back as other good builders of Bangalore were changing....that amount was a high price for that period in that locality. But they were claiming, their project is going to be far far better than any other builders in the city.... What I found is that, they are Mumbai builders, and almost all mumbai builders are habitual building Mumbai Chals (poor's selters)... even if they might not have any project in mumbai, they are certainly influenced by mumbai style chal design and they are calling it smart condos (smondo).As mumbai realty market is saturated, almost all mumbai builders build chals like PRIL did in Bangalore and try to same every single rupee and multiply their profit in damn cheap way. As it is in there gene, they can't correct it. they will ultimately build a chal only. whether it is in 1 acre or in 250 acre (neotown). Patel Realty, remember one thing, if you do such poor quality work and try to past CHALS saying it is condos to your valued customers, you can't do it in Bangalore. Every bangalore customers go by your online feedback before buying flats, and they are aware customers. Gone are the days. They have hundreds of other options in Bangalore with a better price than yours where they at least can get a fine quality deliverable.I don't know how Patel Realty dared to deliver such a cheap quality delivery as Smondoes in Neotown, however it was their FLAGSHIP project. I have only one question, if your flagship project is of such a poor quality, then any one can imaging your next project's delivery quality.... all the best and best of luck Patel Realty.

 I have booked smondo4 in 2013 sept . Till date no call or mail from customer support. When you call, they will not attend your call. I have cancelled the flat in dec 2014 but still not got the refund. They dont have a single penny for refund . If new owner pay money then only they can refund.So you can think, what is the status of Realty conglomerate. They can anytime say that we cant build the home as agreed and can delay for years. DONT book any flat in SMONDO or PATEL REALTY. They are fraud/bankrupt people.

 This builder launched a very good project and people booked their flats looking at the size and facillity in the project.Now the project is near to handover. First time any builder has not allowed to inspect the flat while construction is going on.When final product is taking shape and buyers are called for inspection these are some of the shocks they got.Height of floor to ceiling is less.No service lift.AC points are missing.Geyser points are missing in the bathroom.Backup is less.Water point for Water filter is missing.No exhaust point in Kitchen.No electric meter after flat registration also.NO OC yet.Unbranded products used in bathroom.2 times legal fees.Many more to come when other blocks are open for inspection.

 Please please do not make the mistake of buying or renting here. The Home Owner's Association has monopoly. Home owners have to pay membership fee, to be a part of the association.Owning a home here is not enough. They have done away with the maintenance company, and now have increased the maintenance, without reason.They are planning to increase the cost of back-up generators, in spite of the owners paying maintenance.The generators weren't chargeable before. There is NIL maintenance done, anyway. Beehives aplenty. The plumbing will give you terrible problems and the fixtures and construction is dangerous.And when you try to speak with them they say, please speak in Kannada! where is Karnataka? India. What is India's official language?Hindi. How does the language matter anyway. AS long as the communication is clear? And now they have introduced new costs.Anyone moving in and out of Smondoville, will have to pay for moving in and out. Otherwise they will hold your truck hostage. This in spite of the maintenance.The maintenance is supposedly used for common areas. So, if your your fusebox in the electricity room(which is common) gets spoilt because of dampness in the room etc, you have to pay for it.The walls have started cracking after 2 years of construction. No one to take ownership. There is no water inlet for your water filtration system. If you need one, you have to pay them, again.This is now a common feature in all projects to have a water inlet for filtration system.Also, their plan is very crappy. The washing machine area is out in the open near the sitting room, and that is the only faucet to which you can attach the water pipe of the machine.No other place is suitable. There are plumbing problems almost everyday. The recycled water they use for the toilet, leaves black streaks in the commode. and the toilet and other plumbing equipment is of very low quality.The shower/ tap handle will come off in your hand. Now up to you to decide.Just know this, the association has a strong hold, so if you ever have any issues, you will have to pay through your nose.

 On construction front it was good for some 550 flats. But it was bad for other 550 flats. Actual date of delivery was Feb 2012 with grace period of 6 months which means by Aug 2012 all should have got the flats.I got flat in December end 2012.But as per agreement Builder gave penalty for 4 months approx 57 K. This was good from them and they kept the promise. Recently when I inspected my flat I found the quality of construction is not up to mark.Walls are curved, no provision for mosquito net, AC point missing in 1 bedroom etc. On some front the execution and planning is bad.Since construction of house is major product which has gone well I will say its 80 percent good and 20 percent bad. There terms and conditions is better than other builders and give proper dates on agreement and good penalty by builders if project is not completed in time.

 That's exactly I am saying. I got fooled by price and sales team courtesy in the beginning!! all the best to you...the interest % in the contract is 24% which is very-very high.Other builders go with 15-18%...also other builders charge on completion of a milestone, the payment is raised before the start of a milestone here...sincere advice to discuss on all these terms to avoid conflict later...else you would start getting mails from their legal adviser

 I cannot write a long review but I am rating them from 1-10 . 1 being very bad and 10 being excellent:Common Roads - 1Drinking water - 1Sewage - 1Lifts - 1Security - 1Management - 1Customer service -(-1)Timely possession - 1Legal clearance - 1Electricity - 1Construction quality - 1Construction planning - 1There is nothing good about this project. I want to hear back from people what they think.Hope others around the country read this blog and think several times before purchasing from this builder.

 It's a company who believes in I am the boss and I will do whatever I want. Totally corrupt and my unit was totally given / handover without any promised specifications. Till full construction they earned money with interest but themselves not giving interest now. Soon, they going to receive notice from not just me but from competent authority as well as I have filed this complain to CCI to Labour Laws to Credai to Government. I had a doubt how KIADB approved when they cant.They will show some documents which is in itself wrong. Then some of the employee talks so rudely..I am hurt by their approach of talking with customers...wish you all the best.I will sale my unit to someone else but cant stay as they haven't given proper water, electricity, internet, security and kitchen is worst what a shame...I will request other people, think over it before booking and then decide. They have so many issues internally which affects customer unit...each month from crm to sales to legal to management employee changes.They cant keep their own people, what they will give to others...and if I am wrong, can patel realty tell why they not giving interest? why no specifications as promised? why no manners of talk with customers?all the bestmnothing against but what I have said is truth...

 I guess you need to talk to the bank and not the developer if the bank has delayed the payment. if you found other charges high then why did you book an apartment. People like you are nuisance to the society.By the way do you stay in a rented house. its better you go the bank and sort out the issue with bank rather than cribbing about the development. You sound like a cry baby.

 Hi All,Patel Reality has entered into JDA with GM infinite to construct a project with name Elegance Tower which Patel Reality has been advertising as SMONDO4 for more that 3 years now. more than 200 customers have already booked with Patel for this Project more than 3 years back.Patel who is incapable of proceeding with this Project have entered JDA with GM Infinite to construct. There is already a case going on for this project so requesting all the customers not to go with this property as you will loose your hard earned money.

