 Have 10 flats in one of their property in Bangalore still I had to run from pillar to post to get my flats registered. Their biggest liability is their customer relationship head or something Mr Roshan Lalwani .Such a horrible experience . Their junior level staffs are very courteous and polite . The problemIs pride work slower then any government project .

 Not good experience after the full payment. They are not co-operative. People like Roshan Lalchandani will behave like bureaucrat. Others have no say as they works their and have to report to him. Even if you try to sale your property they will try to squeeze you and try to earn their respective commission. They behave more like real estate broker that seller. Don't even expect any humanity from them from Abhay Singh to Roshan all are behind your money. Even after years they will not do the basic interior works like fixing the Gas Line or Intercom after several reminder. Bangalore management is worst and they are doing all crimes under the name of Pride Group.

 One of my friend has purchase flat here. Lot of issues in this project1) No municipal water, gas line, Internet, Network coverage.2) Road is damage from D.Y.Patil college to PWC with  No STREET LIGHT3) Still buildings are not ready to leave.4) Builder is giving flat for rent to bachelor.Builder has given possession with lots of work remaining. Still waiting to use single amenities .Very very very poor.

 Click on Pride Pristine Apartments reviews and there are so many negative reviews/comments to be seen. Then when I check the date and most reviews are very old. Hence thought of penning down my experience. I am a resident here from past 1.5 years and to be frank I have not faced any issues which were mentioned in some other reviews.When I was planning to buy an apartment, I was more focused on premium apartment with Value For Money aspect and had checked about 9 different builders around Electronic City. Most apartments had hostel like structure and I was not a fan of those structures mostly because of privacy aspects. But in this apartment, that was not a concern. Also the management staff was very cooperative all through the process. They are very dtrict about financial aspects timelines for payment though. Also they are very accommodating all through the process right from booking to the registration.Once I took the possession, there were some issues with the electrical wiring but were sorted out within a day and after that it was a peaceful affair till date (touch wood). The support staff is very helpful at the site and are always ready to help in case of any inconveniences. Build quality is pretty decent as well. Construction of final set of blocks (D, E, F and G) are in progress and hence dust is a common aspect to be seen. Two club houses are provided (one inside the complex with gym, party hall, carrom, table tennis and billiards table and a membership to Vasundhara layout clubhouse). As in all a fair buy according to me.One irritant is that, any complaint or problem written in complaint book takes ages to be completed. But a word with the support staff fastens the process by miles.

 Worst Builder in pune. No customer service and value. Please don't purchase any property. They don't take care of any customer. Pride Group Spend huge money on marketing, but don't value any customer. Really unhappy with Mr. Arvind Jain. Pride group call them self a reputed builder, but ll customers are unhappy.

 All, be careful while booking an apartment with Pride Group. During the launch of the project they promise almost every thing (like 360 degree view of greenery, 70% openspace, grand entrance, beautiful elevation, kids play area, swimming pool, club, gym, party hall etc) but as the booking gets completed and project progresses, ie. when structures come up and visible, you will start noticing that things they promised are modified (to smaller one) or things are not at all present.When you start searching for the promises, they are present only in brochures, but not in actual legal agreement. Which will restrict you to take any legal action.With My experience I would Suggest NOT to Go WITH PRIDE GROUP PROJECTS.

 We are the residents of  a housing society created by pride Builders. The residents have been facing numerous problems and have tried to bring this to the the notice of the builders on numerous occassions. Unfortunately the builder feels that he has no obligation towards this project any more. Attempts by the managing committee to meet, the CMD of prideBuilders, have been thwarted by his staff, surely on his behest. Over a year has passed and most residents have not been handed their possession certificates. The promised PMC water is a distant mirage. Promised amenities have not been provided. Deterioration of the buildings has already started and the engineers at site turn a deaf ear to the pleas of the hapless residents. This especially from the President of the builders association of pune is shameful.

 Letter to the Chairman:After waiting for a very long time, I thought it is time to bring to your attention about the agony and wait that we as a family have been going through over the last couple of months.We have just lost faith and we had no other choice than attempting to write to you to explain the casual approach of your staff, the arrogance in speech, customer service which has been way below par and more importantly lying about commitments given time and again.My parents, (both Senior citizens) had booked a flat at Pride Springfields, Bangalore and as per the letters being sent to us, the payments were done in utmost faith of having worked with a reputed brand like Pride. Our faith was shattered when we decided to go for the final registration and in the handover of the property.On May15th, we had couriered the final cheques to your Pride office at Bangalore and requested them to have the registration on 20th May. On enquiry with Ms. Saritha and Mr. Ravikumar, we were informed that cheques were presented for clearing and they would need some time as the cheques need to be realised. My parents who stay in Chennai had travelled to Bangalore for the registration but had to stay back.We were assured and promised that we would have the registration on the 27th, which we agreed.When we call Ms. Saritha on the 26th, we got a shock of our life. We were informed that the cheques sent for clearing were not credited and hence the registration cannot happen. There was no initiative from your end to inform us till we had called.We were thoroughly disappointed as my parents had stayed back only for this and had cancelled their tickets the earlier time. We informed Ms. Saritha that we could have given a DD if they had intimated us earlier.Just to have the registration done on the 27th, my parents had to go to the IOB branch at Bangalore, take a DD for the required amount and they had to shell out a considerable amount towards DD charges. Every single penny has been hard earned by them and they being retired government officials felt let down as their pension money which they had saved is being spent for no fault of theirs.What surprised the most again was that, on the day of registration which was on the 27th, Mr. Ravikumar returned back the cheques which we had sent on the 15th. These were the same cheques which was intimated to us as being sent for clearing. We were taken aback as how could cheques sent for clearing be handed over post almost 11 days. Probably, this happens only at Pride.On the day of registration, my parents were promised by Ms. Saritha and Mr. Ravikumar verbally that we would have the possession of the property between 20-30 days from the date of registration. We had expected the possession atleast by the 30th June as promised.As always, when I called Ms. Saritha, we got the answer which was not a rude shock to us. We were told that it would take 45 days and I am not sure on what should our reaction be. Frustrated, agonized, feeling let down, regret the decision on why we booked a property @ Pride, pathetic customer service and what not.When we speak to your service staff and tell them that we would be left with no other option than to escalate to the higher authorities, they just seem to say - go ahead if you want to. We are least bothered about you.We had no other choice than to write to you so that atleast you could empathize with us and understand what we have one through. Not a great experience for sure but looking forward that this plight of ours would be addressed and your staff be educated on how to be customer centric. 
 It is with utmost disgust that I write about this company. In the realty boom, builders make crores but that should not be at the cost of the buyers - salaried people like me who sustain a lot to achieve the milestone of owning a house.Pride Housing is one buyer to be avoided at all costs. Ironically, it is their reputation from their projects in Pune that prompted me to go for their apartment in a single building apartment complex with minimal facilities. I thought of going for the reputation of the builder over glory promises from other builders.From the start I found them tough to deal with - the did not negotiate over the prices(take it or leave it attitude) and they were reluctant over a lot of things that normally other builder are flexible with. But they were responsive and quick to respond. So it kind of evened out. The work was also progressing quickly.But then for some reason, things went haywire. Today the project has dragged past is "promised" date for over 6 months with a definite end not in sight. So what are the problems we are facing -1) Changes to original specs without intimation2) Complete absence of communication - the concerned people refuse to take calls and give vague replies otherwise.3) Senior management is not approachable.4) Gradual degradation of workmanship.5) Extraordinary delays in finishing in-progress activities.6) Lack of transparencyYou know, that apartment by itself is pretty good but the overall approach to the project has pissed all of us off to no end.I could go on - but as a prospective customer this is enough to make you stay away from them. I have lakhs invested here. Best part is I also owe them money but the builder doesnt seem to care to recover it from me at the earliest. It scares me a lot. And I am more scared what happens when I move in and this guy starts shaking off complete ownership. The nightmare is just beginning.

 They are not co-operative. People like Roshan Lalchandani will behave like bureaucrat.The residents have been facing numerous problems and have tried to bring this to the the notice of the builders on numerous occassions.Their biggest liability is their customer relationship head or something Mr Roshan Lalwani.I thought it is time to bring to your attention about the agony and wait that we as a family have been going through over the last couple of months.But the promises they held still remain uncompleted. No Water Tank; No Electricity; No Tar Road; No Park till last month around two years.

 Whenever you think to purchase a new property, you searched for a reputed builder. Same like that we searched a REPUTED BUILDER first when we purchase a property and AFTER DONE WITH ALL PAYMENT they talk very rude and trouble you to make more payment(They added more and more government taxes and try to get more money) Customer Support is worst. Mr. Ravindra Patil talk like a GUNDA and try to threat your property.Mr. Arvind Jain(Managing Director) don't talk with anyone. You can email him, but he doesn't respond. I request all buyers to don't purchase any property from PRIDE BUILDERS

 I had bought a land in 'Pride Valleyview' layout in Nov 2010 in which I have constructed house and currently living. But the promises they held still remain uncompleted. No Water Tank; No Electricity; No Tar Road; No Park till last month around two years.This month they've started - but no quality work: tank leaks, sparse tar with paper thickness, incomplete park, electricity poles with no connection, no street lights. There are six houses with people and two houses under construction but they don't bother our difficulties. We paid 15 lakhs for forest land and no facility.We are the stupid people..

 I am the Victim of this developers , they operate under different name Apna Sapna , Pride expert , Pride Groups and Bangalore developers. All these organization are under the management of Mr.B.R Ravindra.We have booked two plots with this developers in 2006 in their newly formed layout called vasundhara Layout. They have showed as the approved plan , we have decided to go ahead with him.Since we were in the US we thought the builder will fulfill the promises. After we come to India after 2 years, I am shocked to see the status of the layout and their development.They have told we will form an association once we have done with our development. Now even after 3 Years of formation they are refusing to form the association , because of their personal benefit since they are building high rise apartment near by the layout they have slow starting encroching all the common ammenites like club house , Park and Civic amenities.Even if we approach they refuse to take calls and go personally they will threat you with dire consequences.Please stay away from this builders as they are not clean in their transactions, I am sure they are coming with lot of apartments around the same attitude will continue.

