 I got a house from Shakti Builders, Jayanagar. It was must first house and I can surely say I have experience all kids of horrific experiences with Mr. Mukesh, the builder and Nagaraj, the supervisor. For payment, Mukesh chased me and even threatened me to put 24% interest as by bank was not releasing my loan due to not enough completion of flat.Then the construction, my god. The worst contractor, worst labor and bad supervisor. they just give excuses for everything. Believe me, the first time I went inside my house I went with tension and feeling of betrayal.The flat was delivered to me with 8 months delay from the promised date( image the rent+ interest I paid) with only 85% completion.There were problems with the surface of the walls we found it difficult to do Wall papers. Even now we are running behind Mukesh and Nagaraj to complete the work. Shakti builders never deliver what they promise. The broucher is different from what they construct.Very very disappointed with Shakti builders.

Builder is very clever when it comes to attract customers.He made attractive brochure and will do fake promises to customers.Once the flat is booked he again say that he will complete construction before 4-5 months than the data mentioned in agreement.Customers will give the whole money to builderAfter that he won't pick your calls because he got what he needs (money).Now after getting money he will do modifications in building here and there, won't listen to customers complaints.Please read the below useful information from consumer forum, Action against builder:Products and services by builder are covered under the Consumer Protection Act.You can file a complaint in case the builder has given you deficient services regarding the following:1) Charged higher than the agreed amount.2) Did not give a receipt against the paid amount.3) Delivered a poor quality construction.4) Delivered a house that does not comply with the specifications agreed upon.5) Did not provide for free parking space within the compound / complex.6) Did not form co-operative housing society and handed it over to its members.7) Did not provide for water storage tank.8) Did not provide for enough ventilation and light.9) Did not deliver the house within the agreed time limit. If time limit not mentioned, it is assumed that the construction will be finished within maximum of 2 years from the date of start of work.7) Did not give accounts for the expenses against which the builder has collected money, i.e. maintenance, electrical installations(transformer), etc.8) And many more. If you have grievance against builder, send a notice to him in writing. Do not worry if he refuses to accept your notice as only proof of sending is required. Send the notice by registered post or Under Postal certificate. Retain the proof of sending. The proof of sending is valid in the Consumer Court Under Section 28A(3) of the Consumer Protection (Amendment) Act of 2002 and will be considered as the notice has been duly served.File your complaint in the consumer court in case the builder does not respond to your notice. consumergrievance.com/icrpc.org.products.htm
 Actually everyone should understand, I am also one of the customer in Shakti Sprinkle apartment, all are writing the bad reviews because in the first project, Shakti Sunshine the owner had given the best quality and the best price.Now ever if u search the apartment u will not get on that price, I have so many friends in the Shakti Sunshine project, some of the flat owners are there and they don't have the unity and they don't have any work to do in the home, so daily they will be wasting like this.I am saying like this because right now where I am staying here in Shakti Sprinkle is very good and I am seeing the construction from the beginning it is ok compare to the another apartments for this price.All of them exactly what they are thinking means they are giving less amount and they are expecting more. Example:- they will pay 800 Rs and they are expecting 10 gms gold for that amount.You should only think its so funny na. :-)

 Builder has supervisors, they don't know the professional work. They don't know how to behave with customers and not replying the calls. About the quality of work oops I don't have any words describe. Such a worst quality. They don't know the work without rework. What ever they have planned they have to rework. without this they will not complete the work.About the maintenance they collect the cash and run away. no response for calls. Again we have to spend the amount from our pocket. If ratings other than 1 is applicable to this Shakti builder Jayanagar.

 In his second project so called SHAKTI SPRINKLE on Begur Road, he did the same thing again. In some flats with less space, he put 3 fan points in hall but in some where space is more he put only one.My colleague told me that he used some cheap architect to design flats. Also whatever design he showed on brochure is totally different from what he is making now.On brochure he shows everything good and modern looking but in actual its totally different. Don't believe this builder, you can check out people from Shakti Sunshine or Shakti Sprinkle.Surely we will go to consumer forum and complain about him (to cancel his license as real estate builder).

 They are the top,builders in bangalore . they build many apartments among them one of the famous is kodichenahalli bangalore. here I have an apatrment . this people have a good service here,good water facility is supplied . and good interior decoration is seen . nice parking facility for leaving my vehicle is left . for every floor lift facility is allowed . a nice swimming pool is left for swimming purpose . a separate gym room is made for maintaining our body fit . visitors room is made in left side of the apartment . totally they are a good and professional builders knowing the peoples need .

