People who have taken possession are facing issues like lift not working, poor maintenance, security etc. Residents also facing builder goons if they complaint of poor maintenance. These goons cut electricity, water and other facilities to afraid residents and restrict them of complaining further. This builder is worst builder in NCR. I have attached pics wherein people have now decided to do peaceful protest against security and other issues. Also, builder has refused to register their flats and informed that until residents come to their knees, there will be no registration. Skytech matrott is the only society today which has no OC and registration of flats.

Guys, I am a buyer in the Skytech Matrott Project in Sector-76.  I want to complain about the following- Builder has also instructed all the buyers to come with the following amounts only in cash and not in cheque - EEC - Rs 150 psft, Sewar and Water Charges - Rs 18000, Power Backup - 100000 for 4 KVA, Electricity Meter Charges - 55000+S.T., Legal Charges - Rs. 25000, 2 years advance maintenance Rs. 2.5 psft per month They are not giving me possession letter, as per my calculation sheet as per actual payment after verifying my account is only 15000 rs due to delay payment. but they are demanding 1 lac rs as per their calculation sheet. why we have to give extra money if we are giving the due payment in little bit late and what about the project which has been  already delayed by 2 years? then they should also give delay charges because here we have to pay rent and maintenance unnecessary.

Guys, I am a buyer in the Skytech Matrott Project in Sector-76 in E Tower. We all have become victim of builder's illegal acts. The project is already delayed by 2 years and all buyers have paid 95% of total amount about 3 years back. I want to complain about the following- (1) This builder has unlawfully raised invoice recently for last 5% payment with no possession dates. He has also mentioned in the invoice that if payment is not made within 15 days flat booking will be cancelled. (2) Builder has called every buyer individually and also communicated some of them that no receipt would be given for this 5% amount and amount must be paid only in cash. (3) Builder has also instructed all the buyers to come with the following amounts only in cash and not in cheque - EEC - Rs 150 psft, Sewar and Water Charges - Rs 18000, Power Backup - 100000 for 4 KVA, Electricity Meter Charges - 55000+S.T., Legal Charges - Rs. 25000, 2 years advance maintenance Rs. 2.5 psft per month (4) If any of the above charges remain unpaid booking will be cancelled. Builder has told that Possession can not be given due to NGT issues. Guys this is really painful. Do not know what to do. Pl advice

