 Dear  all I am not going in much details pl. do not by property from this builde( today homes and infra.)else this will be your biggest mistake in life ever made. These kind of builders are creation of our corrupt system and nexus of authority, politician and money lenders( who are builders itself). They will rip your hard earn money like termite eaten off a wood inside and leave you life less. If you pressure him to solve or resolve the matter they will call police who ask to show permission to meet, protest, pl. stay away this  builder or if you are bore form your peace full life pl. buy property in his project.   for details pl write me at sanjaysaini2@hotmail.com. 
 1.Possession delayed by 2 years; but don't even think of being compensated as per the agreement.You'll asked to acknowledge satisfaction about quality of construction and other obligations of the builder before you even get the possession of your house.Sub-standard construction material, poor workmanship, very obvious lack of supervision will welcome you. You'll still have a sigh of relief that you finally after 4-5 years at least got something.Be prepared for termite damaged wood-work; defective fans and a/c; ever-lasting seepage problems (as no one bothered to make even basic checks); window grills without even a single screw; non functional electrical points, tv cable, phone cable (feel proud if you find wire/cable inside); construction waste dumped front/backyards; broken tiles and many more.Be prepared to see naked (bricks as poor quality mix will hardly stay for 3 months).Be prepared to have sleepless summer nights as 100% power backup (in the agreement to sell) is just imaginary. The backup you get initially would be hardly 25%.Video phone is strictly provided on papers only (again don't dare to refer back to agreement to sell or the brochure).Be prepared to see plots sold out of original open/green areas.Improve your driving/ parking skills before taking possession as actual parking space won't be sufficient with regular driving skills.Most important, provide for a budget to construct afresh within 5-7 years as by this much time you will just have the title; property will be inhabitable.Be prepared to change your opinion about ISO quality certification, as the builder ISO certified and you won't even see a single trait of quality process being implemented in the project.Make a visit to Blossoms-2, Sec-51 (Nr. Artemis Hospital), Gurgaon to see that it's not humor, but tragedy.

 I have purchased Unit N124 A FF, Luxotica Extension, Sector-51, Gurgaon in July 2009 with agreed target date of completion as 14th Jan 2011. Unit is not yet handed over after 38 months of agreement date.Quality of construction is pathetic, even agree by their site engineers, but they say that they are helpless. Anyone interested can contact me as arjain75@rediffmail.com - I can send the photographs of the same.Offer of possession reached us in Aug 2012 along with final payment milestone of 100% completion. It came with surprise of addition of Rs 50, 000/= in lieu of External electrification charges, which was nowhere mentioned in the agreement. When objected by us, customtakeouter care manager (Mr. Hitendra Mohan) asked us to pay balance amount and assured that they will consider to waive this amount. We also asked for compensation against delay as mentioned in agreement (Rs. 5/= per sq ft per month of delay) amounting to approx. Rs. 1.2L, which was clearly denied by him saying that we can go legal if we want, but this will not be adjusted against this payment. Although it was his letter few month earlier as reply to ours on this point stating that this amount will be adjusted during final possession amount.Now after 18 months of delay, unit still has quality issues w.r.t. plastering, wooden material, sanitary workmanship etc. Adding to our woos, even while we got ready t takeover the unit with punch points and assurance that these will be rectified in 2-3 days, we got a declaration to signed-off stating that we will not claim any compensation against delay.With this our possession was denied after 105% payment(approx. 5% additional for external electrification charges). Now we intend to move to consumer court to fight for our right to possession, compensation of delay and unjustified ask of external electrification charges.WE REQUEST ALL READERS TO BE AWARE OF BEHAVIOR OF THIS BUILDER BEFORE MAKING DECISION TO BUY PROPERTY. 
