1. It makes me sad to say this, but I really miss AMLI if JUST for the way that they maintenance issues. Having to do the grill dance has been a pain in the butt. It takes forever to get even the smallest thing taken care of in the apartments themselves. I felt very comfortable and confident submitting a problem to AMLI as they were ALWAYS prompt about addressing things. I understand that Bozzuto has probably had to reallocate staff from another location or something, but it's been a few months now. Even getting some temp help would do more good than harm at this point. There have been several times that I have stopped by the leasing office during business hours only to find the door closed. The first few times I awkwardly sat around and, after about 20-30 minutes, gave up and came back later. At one point, I was sitting there and another resident went up and knocked on the door. The sign mentioned that they were out showing an apartment, so I wasn't expecting anyone to answer, but someone was indeed inside.
2. One star - they avoid police interaction. Will expound at a later date depending on if they resolve it or not. The issue was NOT resolved. I don't want to give the specifics of the event, as I value the anonymity of this post and do not trust Bozzuto to honor the honesty of it. They did not follow up. I should have just gone to the police first. After hearing from different residents that they had had their apartments broken into and had been given a similar promise, only to not have it followed up on either, I am fairly certain that there is no follow up on serious matters, simply unsatisfactory pacification. The caliber of resident has gone down quite a bit over the last few months, which typically doesn't seem appropriate to speak of, but it's such a shift that the property has been drastically changed-- To paint the picture, in the beginning of the year, there was a community; people would utilize the grills on the roof, go out by the pool, or spend time in the rec room by the fitness center with little awkwardness. There was a polite comfort level that was just sort of a silent agreement. Now? Residents bring over loud friends that are disrespectful, liter, and smoke/drink in the public pool area and take over the rec room, so much so that I've given up on using them again. On the way back from work a few weeks ago, after passing by the warped door and going into the parking garage, there was someone sitting in on the first level, inside, smoking a cigarillo and drinking a 40 out of a plastic bag... very different from the upscale metropolitan living that's advertised. That being said, I'd love to see what state the property is in in 5 years. It seems like they're loading up on very temporary residents with the intention of remodeling. Hopefully, they'll turn it around. Right now? Not the best option.
3. Our community was always clean, welcoming, and friendly. Now we have dead plants in elevator 1 for 3 days stinking and scaring people away; elevator 1 button on the 1st floor has been broken forever and no one gives a crap; yellow WET FLOOR sign is left permanently sitting in a hallway leaning to the wall as if we were in a hospital; when events take place, at the time of the event's start NOTHING IS READY and the staff expects people to be late, only very few people come; emails they send out make no sense and don't even follow the standard English grammar rules; its August 4th and we haven't even seen the social calendar; and finally but most importantly, so many people were welcoming guests and hanging out in the sitting are on the 2nd floor across from the leasing office, but now there's a lonely black table in the middle of the hallways and it looks ugly, unwelcoming, and again, makes no sense... So a lot of what's being done here now is driven by someone's misunderstanding of what people want and many neighbors go nuts when asked how they like Bozzuto. Bad experience. You, guys, need to stop doing crap that makes no sense and you need to think about PEOPLE and their lifestyle, comfort, and how to make this a home. Do you have a lonely black table in the middle of YOUR entrance hallway at home?
4. This place is a far cry from how things used to be when AMLI owned the building. All those positive reviews you see on this page?  They're all from when AMLI Residential was in charge of this property, up until they sold it to Bozzuto on April 27, 2015. AMLI used to have a policy where any maintenance issue would be addressed within 48 hours, or they would pay your rent for that month.  Bozzuto doesn't do this, and takes forever to fix things with their maintenance schedule.  I had to wait for them to fix a basic problem for a full week. AMLI had regular business hours, where anyone - resident or potential resident - could walk into the front office and be greeted with hospitality and appreciation.  With Bozzuto, not so much.  If you're already living here and paying rent, Bozzuto's people won't even give you the time of day. Need to pick up a package, and they're having a conversation with a client?  Don't expect as much as a sidelong glance of acknowledgement. They will literally let you stand there for 10 minutes while talking to their clients before they even think about talking to you.  They often close the front office doors while showing apartments to clients - even if they have staff on-hand in the office who are not showing apartments.  If you knock on the door, they act like you've committed some grave affront to them for expecting their doors to be open during business hours. On to amenities - there is still a decent pool, a good gym, a business center, and a club room.  The barbecue grills on the roof have been broken for weeks, with only one or two of them actually functioning. Just in time for the Fourth of July! Let's also talk about billing, because their billing provider (Conservice) is a huge rip-off. When you get your monthly bill, it includes your rent and your water charges.  In addition to that, you are ALWAYS charged a four-dollar "convenience fee" - JUST FOR RECEIVING YOUR BILL IN THE MAIL.  Want to pay your bill online?  Great!  Add on another three dollars for a processing fee on your Electronic Funds Transfer.  Are you counting with me?  That's another 7 bucks a month tacked on to your rent....for the privilege of paying your rent.  Want to use a credit card to pay your rent? Oh, no problem!  That's a thirty-five-dollar fee.  That's right - $35 extra to pay your rent on credit.  My advice?  Write them an old-timey check (you know, the paper ones that come in a book), and at least save yourself from the EFT fee. How about the apartments themselves?  Surely, they must be worth the cost?  Not really.  The majority of them have old Whirlpool appliances that are not energy-efficient at all, coupled with an extremely basic, non-programmable thermostats.  I live by myself, use appliances and the A/C very sparingly, and my power bill actually doubled this month when GA Power started summer surge pricing - and it was still $115 a month before that!  Aesthetically, the apartments are pretty average.  Cheap white paint, sloppily slathered on the walls so that the windows, mirrors, lightswitches, etc all have little bits of accidental paint on them.  Absolutely ridiculous for how much this place costs.  Do you want to live in one of their luxurious front-facing industrial loft units?  Have fun paying hundreds more a month on the hottest side of the building!  It's about 10-20 degrees hotter than the rest of the building up there. Who do you like for Cable TV and Internet?  Comcast?  AT&T?  Google?  Have fun with NONE OF THE ABOVE, because this building uses the glorious DIRECPATH carrier for the exclusive cable TV and Internet service in the building.  That's right - it is impossible to get Comcast or AT&T U-verse here, and Direcpath is a 1-star company (Google them). The ONLY attractive thing about this building at the moment is the sheer location of it on Perimeter Center Parkway.  It is the only reason I moved here (when AMLI owned it).  At this point, getting treated like subpar garbage for needing to occasionally interact with the leasing staff has grated my patience to the point where I am absolutely moving the hell out of here when my lease expires - and I pay for one the most expensive units of my floor plan.  The leasing staff will try to appeal to you with their community events, wine tastings, breakfast, brunch, whatever - but when you actually need things done in and around your apartment building, don't expect to be held in any sort of high regard.
5. Don't come here if you are working from home. Because you have no choice of Internet only choice is direct path internet services. Direct path not working most of the time and customer service suck. Month of July alone service interrupted more than 3 or 4 times & direct path will take days to fix it. If you work from home be prepared to go to McDonald's or 24 hr shop to complete your work. Because flats at perimeter don't want to change the crappy direct path Internet provider to a some reliable provider.  If rains you will have no internet. Nights no internet if you work on dead lines good luck taking your kids & go to coffee shop at night. Bad deal. If you work from home or work on Internet heavily not a good place to move in.
6. Flats a Perimeter is making a lot of upgrades to the property. However ,while they are spending thousands of dollars to upgrade the club house ,exercise room, pool and roof top, the day to day living space suffers. The trash chute is inoperable at least twice a month. The trash room is not cleaned consistently  which breeds unsightly critters - more specifically roaches. The carpet is not vacuumed in the halls and the high traffic areas of the complex remain unkept. The only areas that are cleaned consistently is the 2nd floor leasing office area and the adjacent clubhouse . This area is what is utilized to attract new tenants. It's pure deception at its finest. When viewing the property ensure you are not drawn in by all the bells and whistles that are strategically placed to distract you from the more important aspects of your living community.
7. I have lived in cities all over the world and this is by far the most disappointing building I have lived in. Where to begin......  
Actual apartments. The apartments are very basic and have not been updated in a long time. The counters and cabinets all need repairs. The appliances are all very basic and all have issues from broken ice maker to broken door on microwave. the faucets and sinks are all dirty and look over used. The carpet is your standard issue white and for the prices they charge for rent, they should be an upgrade. The paint is your standard off white and the walls and moldings have been painted over so many times you can barely tell they are there. The doors to patios and porches all need to be resealed. My bedroom is always 10-15 degrees hotter or colder (depending on the season) because of the draft coming in through the doors. The toilets in the bathrooms all have stains and rust molds around the floor and pipes. The building. The building is beautiful - as long as you don't leave the small management office space. The rest of the building has torn carpet in the hallways, is not cleaned regularly and the main tenant residence with the vending machines and post office boxes is always full of trash with spills all over the floor. Don't ever try to have a guest user the buzzer at the main door - it has never worked. The people working in the main office are very nice and are always as helpful as they can be, but there is not much they can do because Bozzuto doesn't give them many options. Heaven forbid you ever get deliveries. Good luck finding a convenient time to get to the office when they are actually there to get your packages. If anything you received in the boxes is heavy you have to truck it all the way back to your place. Did I mentioned the elevators?? Well there are 3 but more like 2 since one is a freight elevator. Either way, all elevators are on one side of the building with the majority of apartments being on the other. Moving or getting deliveries is a major hassle. And there is one trash shoot and that is in the far left corner of the building. Overall an extremely inconvenient building, especially given the cost of rent. Rent. The rent for this property is ridiculous! Way overpriced. I initially moved in sight unseen for job relocation and stated only because Amli still owned it and lack of time to move. I WILL be leaving at the end of my lease. There are many other buildings in the area and closer into the city with nicer apartments and lower rent. And all the fees they charge you just so you can pay your rent?!? There is pretty much a surcharge for the privilege of paying your rent. Utilities - My AC has broken 3 times since I lived here. When it is 95 degrees outside and it take 4 days for them to fix your AC it is a big problem. I have pets and I cannot leave them closed up in a sauna. Do you like your sleep? Good luck with all the fire alarms that go off for ridiculous or unknown reasons, almost always in the middle of the night. All the residents get to spend the better part of an hour standing on the sidewalk in the middle of the night. Oh yea and there are cockroaches. A good number of them and they don't seem to care too much about that issue. Overall the building is poorly maintained, always smells is outdated and overpriced.
8. Amli is a complete waste of money and their staff (with the exception of one person) is terrible.I recently moved out of Amli Perimeter and my experience was nothing short of terrible. This place seems to be the epitome of "bait and switch" when it comes to their service - they are sweet as pie to you before you move in then once you are in, it becomes a pain in the ass to deal with their staff. A couple of serious head scratching moments I will share with you: 1. When I did the "walkthrough" with the Amli rep to note any problems with the apartment beforehand so I wouldn't be held responsible there were 6 large black spots on the carpet. The Amli rep noted them and said I wouldn't be held responsible when I moved out and when I asked if someone had tried to clean them up she stated they must have since the apartment was "move-in ready." After I moved in, I decided to try Resolve on the stains and wouldn't you know it, they came right out. Not much of a thorough or extra effort cleaning job by their staff I would say. Plus, I didn't notice it until after I moved in but the kitchen walls were dirty, the bathroom was dirty with stains on the walls, and it looked like a pre-schooler had grabbed a paint brush and sloppily slapped paint on the walls in the kitchen and bathroom. Hardly what I would expect from a place that charges an arm and a leg for rent. 2. After taking one shower and standing in a pool of my own dirty bath water because it appeared the drain was clogged, we called maintenance  and they came up, looked at it, and told us that there wasn't anything wrong with the drain, "that's how it works." so, basically we were told that we would just have to deal with standing in dirty bath water while we showered. Uh, not good enough Amli. Instead I took the drain apart myself and installed a $2 Home Depot hair catcher and wouldn't you know it, the drain work fine and dandy. 3. The next Amli inadequacy was downright hazardous to our health. After living there for about a month, we noticed on damp, colder days that a black fungus was growing all around the windows and window sills. We thought it was mold (Amli defiantly declared that is wasn't) and when we complained Amli told us that in certain apartments within the complex, becacuse of a design manufacturing flaw in the windows, select apartments would get "mildew" around their windows and all we had to do was take a cleaning agent and wipe it up. Apparently, it was included as language in our lease that I somehow missed but it was included, that "periodically, you are responsible for cleaning any mildew around the windows." When I brought it to their attention a month into my new lease, they brushed it off like it wasn't any big deal and wouldn't explain to me why they hadn't mentioned this in the walk through (which would have been normal) and why they weren't taking steps to fix the problem. After they danced around the issue and wouldn't give me a straight answer, it quickly became apparent that it was very expensive to replace the windows, and expense they clearly weren't willing to assume. So, they left it at, "you will just have to live with it." Well, I don't know about you, but this is disgusting. Not only did they fail to inform me before I moved in that this apartment was subject to having disgusting black mildew around the windows, but they refused to take accountability for the problem when I asked them to come up and clean it. What's more, the expense of replacing the windows didn't seem to come to mind as they spent thousands and thousands of dollars renovating their offices and the complex gym. Oh, that's right, I forgot - public image comes before resident comfort. Silly me. To make matters even worse, 6 months into my lease they decided they were finally going to address the problem by installing automatic dehumidifiers in select apartments to see if they would help with the mildew problem. And wouldn't you know it, my apartment was selected. When I went down to the office to ask them why they hadn't done this or addressed the problem when I brought it to their attention, no one wanted to give me an answer. Then, they accused me of "yelling" in their offices (which I wasn't, they were just mad because I was asking them tough questions in front of potential residents looking at the apartments) and immediately whisked me into a back room where some woman named Paula then proceeded to treat me like I was some sort of an idiot for questioning them. It didn't end well, and they never answered my question about why this wasn't addressed when I brought it up 5 months beforehand. 4. My girlfriend and I accidentally left several items behind when we moved out and even though they were somewhat meaningless, no one from Amli ever contacted us to tell us about it. Amli operates as a business making a profit, plain and simple. Don't be fooled by their phony smiles and promises because in the end the only thing they care about is your rent.
9. EXTREME RENT INCREASES!! $2,900 a year in 2 years!!! They won't work with you at all. They do not value you as a current tenant, but instead increase your rent to the highest possible market value being charged to new tenants, so they say. KEEP LOOKING!!!!
10. IT IS GOING TO BE APPROX 6YR AFTER BOOKING AND FULL PAYMENT MADE. STILL WE DON'T KNOW WHEN WE WILL GET THE FLAT? WHAT WILL BE THE LIVING CONDITION?. THEY SOLD US A GOOD DREAM. WHICH ONLY JAYPEE GROUP KNOWS, HOW FAR IT WILL BE CORRECT. IT IS BETTER TO PURCHASE READY TO IN FLAT. EVEN IF I HAVE TO PAY MORE.==I RECOMEND ALL NEW PURCHASER TO GO ONLY FOR READY TO IN FLAT. PLEASE DON'T BOOK NEW IN NEW PROJECT AT ANY POINT OF TIME.=
11. Hi, I have purchased two flats in Jaypee Greens Wish Town on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway in Kensington Park Apartments and Garden Isles. I have still not gotten possession of both flats and have paid almost 85% of the money to Jaypee Greens. They are delaying possession each year with some silly excuses. Now the company has no answer. Can We do something about this? I understand some people are filing petition or FIR in Court against Jaypee Greens for this delay in possesion as some 30k buyers are affected.
Please contact me as I am also interest in filing legal action against Jaypee Greens.
12. This is a caution to all people who are even thinking to buy any property even remotely related to Jaypee Group. I bought a flat in Jaypee sports city.The project was kove. It has been almost five years and the company has not even constructed 5% of the project. They have one of the most shameless employees in CRC .You will die calling them but they will not answer your call. They never reply to your mails or letters. It was definitely one of the most trusted brands at one time but today under Mr.Manoj Gaur it has fallen to a state where they are surviving on money of middle class people who trusted them. I have taken up a case for refund will fight these guys in court. Beware guys.it's your hard earned money. Don't give it to them
13. 'Maintenance and security' is a big concern. Guards are not properly trained to understand the problems of the residents. Many stray dogs roam around in Pavilion Court 3. Guards feed them. Dogs chase children and elderly. I have written mails to the facility maintenance group, but they don't act. There is no proper system to address your concerns. Your mails go unanswered for days.
14. We invested in one of their projects in the wish town. And now that we are stuck, we realize that they are pathetic for more than one reasons. They ain't giving us the position in time and I are not speaking about the compensation.They had some technical issues because of which they told us not to make the payment. They even gave to us in written that we need not pay till the matter is resolved and no interest will be charged. Obviously we didn't pay but they are asking for interest of 80000rs for late payment. After that we haven't delayed any payment and have been writing mails to them but they are behaving like government office babus and are not paying attention to our mails / calls. We are now hoping that they post attention to this at the time of final possession.
15. Bakwass builder. Don't book any flat or property with jaypee, they are not commited to complete the project on time and asking instalment despite of closer of construction work. And also threat to cancle and forfit the entire deposit amount. this is totaly loot by safedposh jaypee builder. so many invester invest their hard earn money wih jaypee in their project but they dont care about their problems.
16. For last six months I have been visiting Prithivee Propmart Pvt Ltd. sec -18 Noida there office for refund of my 4% BSP. I was cordinating with rupesh from Jan every day he use to tell me that the payment is not received from Jaypee. In feb I got the confirmation from Jaypee that the payments is already made to them. I contacted him in Feb & stated that since Jaypee has already made the payments why are they still holding my payments. I was then diverted to Mr Shailender Sharma who told that there payments are pending from the builders but assured me that in Month of April I would get my payments. I visited them again & I was told that I will get my payments from 15-29th May. Entire month has passed but no Payments have been recived it is really painful to go every day to there office and ask for our rights.
17. All these are the real experiences of lot of buyers of this project. Jaypee need to seriously take some initiatives if they really want to gain the confidence of its customers & get customers for their new dream projects like Sports City etc. They should come out of the black shadow  of high mismanagement they demonstrated in their project "Jaypee Aman" launched in Noida. If they don't gain the confidence through the existing  Klassic & Kosmos projects, its going to be a tough time for them to be customer's preference into residential sector. Lot of small builders who launched their projects in vicinity of wishtown are managing much better than jaypee.
18. JAYPEE is delaying almost all projects, They have diverted money to other things. They have changed many times orignal plan. I had booked Golf facing now it is road facing. They are not good in their commitment.
19. Hello All, I might want to specify my awful experience of this anticipate and the truth that I am going to uncover here. The development quality is extremely poor. One can without much of a stretch see the awful quality entryways fitted that does not worth more than 300 rs. The nature of bond and tiles utilized is extremely poor. At the point when another purchaser visits, the watchmen and all are encouraged to tell lie that prevalent quality lafarge bond is utilized and so on and so forth yet as a part of reality the materials utilized are extremely poor. The configuration of the structures and insides are so awful. Manufacturer has fouled up with the outline of the towers attempting to make it three side open. There is less separation between galleries of neighboring towers where one can touch the other gallery by hand and can bounce into each other's overhang. The administration of this anticipate work just through phones where they don't pick the calls and give falls guarantees. There was a fake ad by the manufacturer 6 months back amid key taking care of function where developer had guaranteed the key has been given over to few of the proprietor. really it was simply false amusement played by the manufacturer to pull in new clients. 6 months have gone following the key giving function and the towers are not prepared yet. sewage, life not operational and focal park work not completed yet.If somebody needs confirmation go and see the truth now. Presently in the event that somebody needs to buy a level at cost 3000 for every sqft or more then I would prescribe dont purchase on account of development quality does not worth the cost. On the off chance that somebody needs to know the truth then dont go as a purchaser yet go quietly and say to the gatekeepers that your relative has booked a level in so thus tower and see the condition. else the administration will make its best to show you distinctive story on the off chance that you straightaway go as a purchaser. Never at any point put resources into this anticipate. its our well deserved cash.
20. Hi, I would like to mention my bad experience of this project and the reality that I am going to expose here. The construction quality is very very poor. One can easily see the bad quality doors fitted that does not worth more than 300 rs. The quality of cement and tiles used is very very poor. When a new buyer visits, the guards and all are advised to tell lie that superior quality lafarge cement is used etc etc but in reality the materials used are very very poor. The design of the buildings and interiors are so bad. Builder has messed up with the design of the towers trying to make it three side open. There is very less distance between balconies of adjacent towers where one can touch the other balcony by hand and can jump into each other's balcony. The management of this project operate only through cell phones where they do not pick the calls and give falls promises. There was a fake advertisement by the builder 6 months back during key handling ceremony where builder had claimed the key has been handed over to few of the owner. actually it was just false game played by the builder to attract new customers. 6 months have passed since the key handing ceremony and the towers are not ready yet. sewage, life not operational and central park work not finished yet.If someone wants proof go and see the reality now. Now if someone wants to purchase a flat at price 3000 per sqft and above then I would recommend dont buy because of construction quality does not worth the price. If someone wants to know the reality then dont go as a buyer but go silently and say to the guards that your relative has booked a flat in so and so tower and see the condition. else the management will make its best to show you different story if you straightaway go as a buyer. Never ever invest in this project. its our hard earned money.
21. Fraud and worst builders , u can't get your dream.
22. Never think of buying any flat from these crooks.Very bad people rude once payment is done they will treat you like their slaves very unprofessional.The company is run by bhiyas of UP.They will say ye apki sardardi hai , beg liars.Will not deliver yo.
23. Within 2 years of buying the property in Ajanara, the Wood frames on doors started getting  decayed. Lots of construction defects showing up. Floor tiles are getting removed. Pathetic management. Very defective design. You will not understand many of the flaws in glosssy  brochures. As you enter the flats, you realize, you are duped. Very unprofessional management team. Dealing with them is a pain in the*.
24. If you are plan to buy any project of lotus then either switch to any other builder or drop plan to buy property other wise you are going to suffer alot. staff of the office is change continuously and every time you are going to meet new person and listen new story regarding delays .came to know always new problem. if you want to cancel your project due to there mistakes then the service become more pathetic first of all they demands many deceleration on stamp paper after submit as per lotus standard it will take max 3 month to return you amount but even after completing that duration they are not going to return your money easily untill and unless you create a big scene in there office. I recommend don't go with lotus I wasted my 3 year due to opting it .
25. I had booked flat in Avalon towers in Mahagun Mascot project in ghaziabad. building plan was sanctioned initially by corrupt ways. On the basis of sanction I had taken loan from ICICI. Later in 2013 the building has been declared illegal by VC GDA Santosh Yadav. I have met Mr.yadav twice. He says avalon tower is built on the setback of the building that is behind(the tall building in the middle of the project). Mahgun refuses to return my money. Have met the management 6 times in last 1 year. have sent him legal notice in September last year. but no reply. I am seeking legal action against this cheat builder.
26. A big cheat with false promises.
27. A highly stressful and unpleasant for my family and me.
28. Ajnara-Homes 121,not good interior material.
29. A perfect example of mismanagement, mis-communication, unprofessionalism. Whether they are fraud or not - time will tell.
30. Large apartments with big windows which is bright and light.... But a horrible building!! Maintenance very poor, mold in many of the corridors from leaking air conditioning units the overall standard of the building was very poor and unclean. Fixtures & fittings very poor quality, we experienced many leaks / breakages and very unhelpful and expensive building staff for repairs! Gym separate ladies and men's with minimal basic equipment not useful opening times. Indoor pool was not available for use the entire time we lived there and the outdoor pool was awful, with debris from the building site next door which was never cleaned! The only positive thing I can say about our time here was the security was very good, very few restaurant / advertising flyers! I do not recommend living here...
31. Although the size of the flat is good, the maintenance of the building is something which at best is pathetic. Garbage rooms are always full. Extremely narrow parking and it can be a harrowing time in case you have a BIG car.
32. Too much noise at night (worst on weekend). Pool is not good. Building is not a good construction. Traffic is....Marina....
33. Marina Diamond 5 was once one of the better buildings in the area. However, for the past few years it has been deteriorating mainly due to poor maintenance. Broken gym equipment has been broken for several years without being fixed, the pool is often too dirty to swim in (green-ish water), the apartments themselves (especially the plumbing) are falling apart and in many apartments the humidity causes the walls to mould. I have been in this building for several years, and have been complaining for several years (especially since the owners association fees are high and you don't see where that money is going), but this will surely be the last year here for me. It's simply not worth paying the amounts for most owners ask.
34. It was ok some years ago, but now is getting bad mantained. No pets friendly and expensive rent.
35. Why only our complex was so badly affected by the storm? We have had problems with the quality of construction in the past as well. Many flats had developed cracks during an earthquake in April. The builder just applied wall putty on those cracks. This time, the cracks widened and we feel cheated. They promised us quality houses while giving possession in 2015, but they have failed. After just six months of possession, my house started developing cracks. This shows that poor quality of construction material was used. There is no CCTV camera in the lifts and guards are not familiar with the complex area. Several thefts have been reported in our locality. We were made to pay heavily in the name of swimming pool, gym, tennis court and security guards, but the services are horrible.
36. This is the place  where we(middle class) invest our lifelong saving and these guy play with it and then sheepishly laugh on our helplessness. Having Good contact with GNIDA & its chairman as CREDAI chief you will cry and nobody will listen as they are the thief & they are the police of Real Estate. No transparency. Dont get fooled by their Sec 62 office & professionalism there .It might seem to be a well managed office to you and you might fell in trap. However the same professionalism go in doldrums when they execute that plan on land. There modus operandi is that they get tie ups with investor clinic or DHONI for marketing and new people like us will get fooled .They also dont like seasoned buyer as he will ask questions .Hope We are saved by someone. FAT CORRUPT & Unprofessional .
37. DO NOT even think to buy a home with Amrapali. You would be cry for your whole life. All cheap biharis from top to bottom, bogus commitments. Recent "mission completion " banners to show how they made fool and were successful in completing there mission. Cheap class labour without any skill on field. Pankaj tyagi a GM in Amrapali is like never went through ethics thought process. He would keep on making false promises and on date will send you to someone else and that stupid fellow will give you another commitment and you would keep revolving for more than 6 months. Stay away from Amrapali. 
38. All stupid, fake, fraud, cheap, bulshit is still b.
39. Gaur’s security department have not learned from there past mistakes and still leaving loop holes in security. This is an incident of Gaur city 1st avenue, I have seen security guards allowing workers(vendors) entering into the premises without verification with their vehicles(without sticker). It would not be a surprise for me if history repeat itself here. I feel very unsafe living at such a place.
40. Gaursons not giving the quality work and the response. I have leaving in a flat. Each room have long creaked wall and no one is taking action. Wall creaked from both the side and it is now coming on pillar. They have take registry fee in August 2015 yet they have not received the received the CC. They have offer flat in condition where people can live with dust. Work is on going. I never seen this type of offering any where. I had made a big mistake to buy home in Gaur city, I had invested my saving for home and got poor quality from Gaursons.
41. There is serious safety concern for all those flats in D Block, 11th Avenue whose kitchen balcony is opposite/towards lift area as the open common lobby area of flats has not been properly covered with grill making it very easy to enter the flat for anybody/everybody to commit any type of crime(be it loot, burglary, theft, rape, murder) who may enter the flats in the guise of labourers, plumbers,carpenters etc in or through any of the floors. There is no response to the various emails and letters sent to the customer care/corporate office. My flat No 129 falls in such area and I am very much perturbed for the lack of security concern on the part of the management . There CCTV cameras/security personnel shall be of no use until and unless the vulnerable areas are properly secured. I request all the owners of wuch flats to register their protest with the management.
42. I have just moved in 12th avenue of Gaur city 2. Facility management is very poor. Acute water shortage. The facility manager lies through his nose and dupes you every time you try to lodge a complaint. No one from facility is available post 6pm to next day 10.30 am. Hence any kind of maintenance issue at night of early morning remains unaddressed.
43. This is to draw your kind attention towards the unavailability of temple in the vicinity of Gaur City-1. Every resident is facing problem in offerings prayers and worship because the temple has not been constructed yet. For prayers our old parents have to cross the dangerous and busy NH to visit a small temple constructed in nearby village. Till now there is no update when the temple will start, however other things are getting constructed. Please finished the construction and make the temple functional.
44. Pathetic back-office. Pathetic quality of finishing. Not giving CC to make registries open. No one listens here. Giving 1 star due to possession with "only" 3 months of delay.
45. Pathetic !! The electric.pole in the society fell on my car parked in the right parking. To this we were given a lame excuse of the pole having rusted ! The GM tells us that we can give our car for insurance and the company will pay the difference. LIKE REALLY?? what is there was a person aitting or standing by the car - what would have you paid then? I m going to file a police FIR against the builder. Have no faith in the quality of material used in any part of the society. #gaursons #gaursonsindialimited #gaursons india #gaurgrandeur.
46. Robbery: Heard in news about the robbery in Gaur city. Seems to be the biggest robbery in any society so far. Sounds scary as things could happen to a great builder as well. No point of shifting there now.
47. These people are very bad. Their work is pathetic. No proper responses. My sister cancelled the booking and the it was very difficult  time for her.The staff is so bad that may be because of the attitude of the management. My sister came to know of the quality and we went to construction site without their knowledge took pictures. The contractors and staff were speaking bad about the Builder.
48. Absolute Con Job !!!
49. HN - prepare for a painful buying experience.
50. Company only with big name but very unprofessional. Bad cust service, Land dispute, Suspected project.
