1. Well equipped and easy access to the town centre. This was normally very quiet - and the sound of hooves in the morning as the horse and carriages went in to start their day's work is a good memory . The apartment was well equiped (even a sharp kitchen knife!) and spacious. It is always difficult to be exactly sure of what you will get until you arrive, but my wife and I were very satisfied.Food shops and the things you need for a short stay in an apartment are very close by. The bread shop is marvellous. And it is an easy stroll in to the main tourist areas and good restaurants.
2. The flat was located in the old town. Supermarket, bakery, butcher and a laundry can be found within 300m. All sightseeing are within a short walk too. Free parking about 5mn walk which is a bonus in a touristic place like Bruges (you can still park just down the flat if you wanted to as there is street parking and an underground car park around the corner).The flat itself was very clean, well appointed (even a lift to get to the upper floors) and the owners were very quick to respond to any queries. Simon, the owner's son could not have been more helpful and friendly.There is an interconnecting door to the other flat so larger families can be accomodated and be near each other if you wanted to.
They had a cot and a highchair ready for our little girl.
What a great find. Excellent location. 2 large cosy rooms. Very helpful owners. Would recommend this flat to anyone and they would not be disappointed. 
3. I absolutely enjoyed my stay at FPP and have nothing but good things to say about Bozutto Management. I was a little bummed when I moved out, but needed more space and wanted to stay within a certain budget. Every interaction with the office staff was warm, friendly, and professional. I really appreciated that everyone knew me and took such an interest in my little one who was a newborn at that time:-) They knew us by name and apartment no.! I also liked how responsive, thorough, and friendly the maintenance staff were! I had a couple of issues but all were handled really fast! My experience coupled with FPP being located in a great area for shopping, dining, and Marta made my stay amazing and better than any apartment community I've lived in.
4. My husband and I really enjoy staying at the Flats at Perimeter Place. It is a very quiet community, well maintained and LOVE the soothing paint colors upon entering the property. The aroma therapy near the Leasing office entrance is so wonderful! Makes me smile every time I am in that area. The remodeled apartments are in perfect condition and have very classy finishes.
We attended the pool party on 7/30 and enjoyed meeting neighbors and feeling like part of a community.
It was also very nice to have the opportunity to socialize with the management staff outside the office environment. Nancy Newman,property manger, is a wonderful, caring management professional. Cynthia Wagner is also a very friendly, responsive assistant manager. They would do ANYTHING to help solve any problems you might encounter. Kenda and Risa, leasing agents, are both very kind and helpful. Maintenance staff is top notch!! There is truly a sense of community living in the Flats at Perimeter Place. 
5. My wife and I truly enjoy living at the Flats at Perimeter Place. The management/leasing staff and their team; Nancy, Cynthia, Renee, are so professional, caring, and friendly. They will do anything for you!! The maintenance staff; Anthony, Rashid, Muhammed, and their team are fabulous! They are friendly, very responsive, polite and caring and get the job done! We love that this property is well maintained and located in a great shopping/eating area, too.
6. The apartments were great. The office staff tried really hard to hold events to get people into the common areas. The maintenance was quick to respond and nothing was broken for too long.
7. The maintenance staff here is wonderful. I placed an order in the morning for someone to look at my dryer - it wasn't working well at all - and Rachid showed up the same day. Within 15 minutes he identified the issue (needed a new heating coil) and then he got the correct part and repaired the dryer. He also made sure to demonstrate that the new part was in place and working perfectly. I really appreciate the prompt and polite response from the maintenance crew. Rachid's attentiveness is just one more reason that I continue to stay at the Flats at Perimeter Place.
8. I have lived at the Flats for a few months now and have really enjoyed my experience. The location is ideal and extremely walkable.  The staff is super responsive and friendly.  Also, I use the amenities more here than any other place I have lived in because they're really nice.  The roof top patio and tennis court are a nice added bonus.
9. so far so good. I had a maintenance request where i needed a new garbage disposal bc it was leaking. Submitted an online request and it was fixed in less than 24 hours at no cost! I'm still not a fan of the parking garage turns, how some neighbors abuse the valet trash program. But the real thing I would love fixed is the package delivery system. Fyi- my interactions with the MGMT team have been really pleasant thus far!
10. I've lived here back when Lincoln owned the property and have been through the paces when AMLI took over. I'll be honest, I've had my issues with AMLI. However they do listen to you when you are mad and do what they can to work with you and address your concerns. No community is perfect and completely safe, but I do love it here. The location just can't be beat. They are very quick with service requests and the current staff are very personable and have been responsive to my needs. I plan on staying here a while longer for as long as they are willing to have me. I haven't been the easiest tenant to get along with and have been very demanding, but at the end of the day...they have met all of my needs and expectations. Check-out the complex if you think would want to live in a great location convenient to everything you could possible need.
11.  have only lived at AMLI for 3 months but its been the most pleasurable 3 months yet! Their service staff and timely maintenance requests are outstanding. The staff is always pleasant to deal with me and available immediately for any issues you may have. The building is clean and located in a safe and vibrant neighborhood. The apartments have newer amenities with spacious rooms and 12 foot ceilings. I highly recommend this complex for rental. :)!!
12. I live here now and I love it. The pool could be heated but that's the only drawback. Friendly staff, quiet neighbors and excellent location.
13. The location for access to almost any shop & restaurant is better than any that can be asked for (walking distance).  AMLI has great properties and this is one of the better ones.  The staff here has been professional and courteous.  Service requests are usually done almost immediately and the service crew is personal and professional.
14. I'm a current resident and have been for almost a year and I absolutely love everything about the complex. The building offers a great location with access to shopping, restaurants (many within walking distance) and quick access to the major highways - everything. As a resident you receive discounts at most of the neighboring shops & restaurants. The office staff is friendly and very responsive and they keep you informed about everything going on with the building and the management company is always working on building improvements. I have not had any issues and I'm a picky resident with high expectations. I live in one of the loft apartments and I love it's features and I have a fabulous view. I also love the security of the building. There have been a couple of break-ins in the first floor apartments (exterior access) - but that happens occasionally and is through no fault of management. They were quick to notify the residents, they held a meeting for residents to meet with the resident police officer and the stepped up the security patrol. I am moving out of the state, otherwise I might stay here forever (I also received my renewal notice and my rent amount wouldn't change if I was staying. This is a great place to live - and the first time I've ever been inclined to write a review.
15. Great location. Agree the pool could be heated and equipment in gym should be in working order, but they are responsive to maintenance issues. I like it here.
16. As a resident of this building for almost 9 years now, I have lived here under a few different management companies (Lincoln, Amli, and now Bozzuto). By far, Bozzuto (which has only been here one year) is the BEST company to manage this building! There are many things that make Bozzuto awesome, and here are some that I've noticed: 1) They are friendly and professional ALWAYS. Shawn, Rene and Nancy are amazing, and their presence in and of itself has brought an unprecedented level of professionalism to this building. They are always polite and they are the first to actually consider what the residents wanted/needed and made necessary changes: keeping facilities open for residents to use after office hours, adding a coffee maker, putting out fresh fruit/spa water/other refreshments every day, etc. 2) The UPGRADES! Oh my goodness... in less than a year, they have managed to upgrade 70% of the units to include new granite, hardwood floors, premium carpet, and subway tile backsplashes. They have also updated the club room decor, have added a WellBeats system to the yoga/dance studio, and are just completing a renovation of the tennis court/grilles/overlook on the rooftop! It's amazing! I cannot say enough positive things about Bozzuto!
17. Bozzuto just took over managing my building and I couldn't be more impressed with them.  I had a pretty major (read: disgusting) issue in my apartment and they came up same day and it's like nothing ever happened! Everything is completely clean and looks amazing.  I was telling friends that I couldn't even think of how I could thank the team for what they did for me. They were so kind to me on the phone and jumped in to action immediately, no questions asked.  I'm very proud to live here and would recommend the Flats to anyone looking for a beautiful and safe place to live with a wonderful management team!
18. Once again I had great service having a track light changed out. The technician was very professional and very polite.
19. I am very impressed with the quality of the units, the grounds, the amenities and most importantly the management and staff. The complex is very well set up and kept up. Pet areas are plentiful. Snow removal is quick. The units are spacious and quiet. Office and Maintenance staff are very friendly and helpful. I'm happy we chose The Flats at 84.
20. Overral The Flats its a great property to live in and the staffs at the office are very nice and friendly. 
21. It is very clean and modern, the staff and residents are very nice and helpful, and it is a strategic location in Lincoln.
22. This is upper class living at a reasonable price. People are nice. Staff is great. Everything looks very professional. I have no complaints about my decision of choosing The Flats at 84... Hearing my friends complaints about their apartments at other locations in Lincoln is a good reminder of how grateful I am to be living at The Flats. 
23. I feel safe with all the cameras and it is very clean. The office personnel is very professional and helpful with any assistance needed.
24. We moved from what was at the time one of the luxury apartment complexes in Southeast Lincoln. After our experience there it is much easier living here at the Flats. We love the management and staff and are very happy with our decision to leave our old apartment and move into the Flats at 84. We have had a very positive experience so far from the day we toured, until the day we moved in, and we continue to have these positive experiences as time goes on. I would definitely recommend the Flats at 84 to anyone looking for an apartment.
25. Everything you could possibility need in one place. The staff was extremely helpful whenever necessary, the layout of the apartment was extremely functional and beautiful.
26. The property is very nice and well kept with great landscaping. The staff are friendly and helpful. The underground parking and elevators are super convenient. The layout and design are very modern and classy. Noise from neighbors is very minimal.
27. Everything has been nice, new and shines The appt has been a great fit for both me and my budget. 
28. Great.
29. Love the layout of the flats Awesome.
30. Great friendly staff and clean property. 
31. The most beautiful, quiet, cleanest living quarters you will experience! I was dreading have to move into a apartment for a short time while building a home, however, if I had known The Flats @84 existed before building...this would be my forever home. Gina, the property manager, and her assistant Katie, treat everyone like family and will ALWAYS make you feel welcome, even if bothering them daily with questions. You are never a nuisance, even when you call maintenance at 2 a.m., 4 a.m. or weekends, in fact, you will WANT to call maintenance, for Brandon is always ready and eager to assist with his handyman expertise.
32. Jaypee the name is enough, it is a very good company it gives possession on time, it contains a great team of Engineers highly qualified and well experienced, the speed of construction is very good company performs well in every area of construction aspect. It is the most trusted builder in Delhi NCR region customer satisfaction is a first goal they provide all the basic amenities to their clients.
33. Kingswood oriental are independent homes at wishtown noida and are set on 5 basic pillars of life- Long life, Harmony, Beautiful, Happiness and blessed. Architecture for these jaypee homes is inspired by the oriental values using wood, Bamboo and colourful stones. These are limited number of exclusive villas with restricted entry and special golf cart assisted transportation facility and a lot of other hi end exclusive benefits.
34. We should not criticize JAY PEE without any reason. its Best in its class, ITS Paradise on Earth once its ready. its going to be a city by itself. one neednt go out of this town for any thing. Recreation jobs, living & medical facllities, all in one campus. God bless us all & JayPee. KUBE WHARE we will stay is clode to GOLF AND BOOMRANG CLUB. So lets feel happy that we have bought our house in a really nice place. I personally feel that there is no place like JAY PEE green of Noida in whole of NCR and even in India. My suggestion to JAY PEE group is to make the world class buildings in this project which has high earthquake resistance. Since its a sandy soil very next to Yamuna river we need to be more careful for designing and implementing earthquake resistance buildings. I hope someone is listening.
35. I was searching for an ideal residential apartment and finally came to know about Amrapali Group silicon city. The features of the project isvery good and totally up to the mark. Whatever I thought for my home, I found it in .The best part is that it was in my budget and also in a suitable location for working .I will definitely recommend Amrapali Group’s every project to everybody who is searching for a good and ideal residential apartment. Good Work Amrapali Group .
36. Amrapali group is a valued entity for real estate.
37. This company expose every things to its coustomer that would be informative to them. I recommend to all who want to invest and increase their worth. somebody has told me about this company's goodness . this is north india's most trusted developing company that;s why I suggest to you all the people who want to try they can try without any tension. as nodia is a most developed city of uttar pradesh near to NCR AND DELHI this company belongs to noida . it also contri bute in leading developers and builders.
38. Mahagun Mantra offers residential community in a world of peace and tranquility at Sector 10 Noida Extension, and a luxurious lifestyle. Mahagun Mantra Greater Noida has an excellent connectivity to Noida and surroundings areas. Mahagun Mantra Noida Extension offers of 2 and 3 BHK apartments in Sector 10 Greater Noida West with all the modern amenities that are specially designed for you.
39. AS per your query Gaur is a good builder to trust on and you can see his background it has already delivered many projects and at present many projects are under construction. So genuine brand to be considered.
40. Yamuna Expressway is one of the leading locality having good connectivity in Delhi NCR. It is closed to famous educational institutes and colleges. 
41. Yamuna Expressway is a very good locality. All basic amenities are available near by. It is well connected to roads and other public transports. 
42. Yamuna Expressway is a peaceful locality, this locality is having coming of world class institutions and IT company have made it further a great investment opportunity and also very near to cricket stadium. 
43. Yamuna Expressway is a very best location. It is well connectivity to Delhi/Noida going to be much better with upcoming metro station close by. 
44. Yamuna Expressway is a very best location. It is well connected by trains, buses and public transports. Calm residential area. Vegetable markets, shops, hotel, hospitals, banks, super markets are available in this locality. 
45. A high tech apartment with key card / PIN front door entry (no need to ever lose your keys in that taxi ever again). Central Control Unit allows you to programme your apartment to turn on/off your a/c, set the temperature, manage your lighting, notify reception of the arrival of guests, maintenance requests, deliveries, etc. Remote curtains, wooden floors in the bedroom and tiled throughout the rest. Very compact but well designed so much so that the furniture pretty much tells you where it needs to be placed.
Moving in was a breeze as the property is managed on site and assistance is given with DEWA and Ejari. Whilst a little bit off the beaten (or rather underdeveloped) track, the 11 floors Residence tower and the 60+ office tower means plenty of taxi's coming and going, even on a Friday. Handy stores under the Residences will enable you to stock your fridge/freezer, sort out your banking, keep the body maintenance under control and buy flowers to keep the apartment smelling fresh.
46. One of the dream locations to stay in Dubai. I am currently sharing my room with few other flatmates. Everything is nice. Only thing is I dont find budget restaurants around and hence compelled to cook my own food at times. Also, restaurants charge a lot for home delivery which is sometimes almost half of the bill value and hence not possible to order if I have to order only for myself. However, everything is worth for the view and the kind of people you see around. The best part is Marina Walk and JBR walk where you can spend lot of time to get relaxed after a long day at work.
47. The best and value for money.
48. Diamond 5 may not be among your top recommended Marina buildings, however it has pleasantly surprised us. In our 2 years of residence in this building, we have enjoyed fantastic Marina views, great maintenance & cleaning facilities as well as quiet and peaceful neighbors. If it weren't for our landlord coming back to live in his apartment, we wouldn't be moving out in the next couple of months. Do consider Diamond 5 in your next apartment hunt within Marina! 
49. Management- The first few months were a struggle as the building was not completed yet, and management was pretty bad. A new building management company has been appointed and it turned things around. IFA is now managing the building & they are delivering excellent services, the concierge and reception are very helpful and attentive. The building is continuously cleaned, buffed and polished around the clock. Finishes The ceilings are higher than average at around 3.3Meters. This feature gives the whole apartment a feeling of openness and space. The finishes in the building are very modern and aesthetically pleasing, the white marble floors in the living room area of the apartment are very beautiful but not the best grade of marble, it easily stains and could do with a good professional grade polish and some protective coating. The kitchen design is very unique and the colors used are not the boring traditional wood, deep purple kitchen cabinetry for the top cabinets, white for the bottom with a backsplash and black granite counters. Lots of storage space in the kitchen. Appliances -included by builder (built-in stove, fridge and washer ) Medium sized Siemens fridge, efficient and enough for a couple, or a small family. Medium sized Siemens washing machine. The kitchen stove (Zanussi) is very frustrating, an electric 4 burner stove set up in a way that you can only use two burners at a time, however if your using two larger burners, you can not use them at maximum capacity. This is especially frustrating when your throwing a dinner for a few people. However, after a few months, you learn how to perfectly time everything. Size ~1400sqft The apartment has floor to ceiling windows with full sea view from each room, can see zero gravity, and sky dive Dubai with all the parachutes from one corner, and you can see the yachts in the ocean side of the marine club from another, not to forget the full Palm and Atlantis. TINY balcony. -The living room is very spacious and bright, no lost space whatsoever. guest washroom is small, but very pretty. -Main bedroom is a good size , fits a king sized bed with two side tables, can have a dresser and even a very smallllll desk if you chose to, however, a 6 door built in cupboard is an amazing feature and provides lots of storage space. En suite washroom is large with a bath tub. -Second bedroom is smaller, fits a king sized bed snuggly and desk. it has an odd wasted space corner than can be utilized for storage, or as I did be converted into a laundry room. En suite washroom is small with a stand up shower. Amenities -Infinity pool with full marina view, you don't even need to bring down your own towels, you get sun until around 3pm during the good weather months, and until around 1 30 pm during the bad weather months. -Gym is semi fully equipped, much better than most building gyms, but a building gym will always be a building gym -Nursery - not open -Spa - rumored but not open yet. Area -Traffic - after the opening of the tram, the traffic has truly truly cleared up, very quick and easy access to Al Sufouh and the highway. Building can be accessed from many different ways and you get to learn what is quickest at what times. -Walking/Running - you have direct access to the Marina Walk and to the path that takes you to zero gravity and JBR, this is great if you want to go for a walk or a jog. -Guest parking doesn't exist - this can be a nightmare for guests, especially if they have a low car and cant go over the hump where all guests usually park. - Nearby shops - Carrefour and Spinneys are about 5 minute walk from the building. Two mini markets that delivery fairly quickly. two pharmacies and a flower shop in the building next door. Being in the Marina, its a given that access to a million restaurants is there too. nothing has yet opened in the retail shop spaces under the building. To wrap up, the building is great, its continuously improving, there is a building being built next door and that is causing some noise issues if your facing that side, or if you have your balcony door open. Everyday, noticeable improvements are happening. Highly recommend this building.
50. Easy access to public transport, good finishing and a lively home feeling adds value. Overall, good for money.

